Pakistan 'to host next Asia Cup'  Pakistan are to host their first Asia Cup one-day tournament next March, according to Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan.  Khan told the Reuters agency a decision had been made at Monday's meeting of the Asian Cricket Council in Dubai. He said India, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh have all confirmed their participation, and that qualifiers would also feature. Six teams, including Hong Kong, played in the eighth Asia Cup, in Sri Lanka last year, the hosts triumphing. Pakistan has not hosted any of the previous tournaments, dating back to 1984 because of poor diplomatic relations with neighbours India. 

Capriati to miss Melbourne  Jennifer Capriati has become the third leading lady to withdraw from the Australian Open because of injury.  The organisers of the first grand slam of 2005, which begins on 17 January, said the American has a problem with her right shoulder. It comes as a blow to the women's draw as last year's champion, Justin Henin-Hardenne, and runner-up, Kim Clijsters, will also be absent. Capriati is a two-time champion in Melbourne with wins in 2001 and 2002. She is believed to have picked up the injury at the Advanta Championships at Philadelphia in November and had to pull out of an exhibition match with Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova on 17 December. Capriati also decided against competing in the Australian Open warm-up event, the Sydney International. 

Rusedski forced out in Marseille  Greg Rusedski was forced to withdraw from the Open 13 in Marseille on Thursday with a rib injury.  The British number two had been scheduled to play qualifier Sebastien de Chaunac, who beat world number five Guillermo Coria 6-4 7-5 in round one. But Rusedski was unable to take to the court because of a problem with the left-hand side of his rib-cage. American Taylor Dent caused a shock with a 7-6 6-2 victory over second seed David Nalbandian. But third seed Joachim Johansson made it through after beating Frenchman Gilles Simon 7-6 6-3 while in the first match of the day, sixth seed Feliciano Lopez defeated Ivo Karlovic. There were also wins for Slovakia's Karol Beck and Croatian duo Ivan Ljubicic and Mario Ancic. 

Injury sidelines Philippoussis  Mark Philippoussis withdrew from the Sydney International tennis tournament as expected on Sunday after suffering a groin injury during the Hopman Cup.  His participation in the Australian Open, which begins on 17 January in Melbourne, also remains in doubt. Defending women's champion Justine Henin-Hardenne is also out of the Sydney event because of a knee injury. In the only main draw men's or women's singles match on Sunday, Nathalie Dechy beat American Lisa Raymond 7-5 6-3. Number one men's seed Lleyton Hewitt begins his quest for a fourth Sydney title on Tuesday when he plays Karol Beck. Lindsay Davenport, top seed in the women's draw, has been handed a first-round bye and plays France's Dechy in the second round on Tuesday. 

Johnson too strong for GB runners  Britain's Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling were no match for Benita Johnson in the 51st Cross International Zornotza in Amorebieta, Spain.  Butler and Yelling finished fourth and fifth as Australian world champion Johnson romped to a five-second victory in the 6km race ahead of Edith Masai. Masai's fellow Kenyan Alice Timbilil finished third. Johnson said: "I ran comfortably for the first 3km and then I tried to leave the others but it wasn't an easy task." Butler clocked a time of 22 minutes 45 seconds - 22secs behind the winner but four ahead of Yelling, who last month succeeded Paula Radcliffe as European champion. Johnson, will be one of the star attractions at the Great EdinburghInternational Cross Country on 15 January. 

Boro suffer Morrison injury blow  Middlesbrough midfielder James Morrison has been ruled out for up to eight weeks after an operation on Tuesday.  The 18-year-old, who has played in 13 of the club's last 14 games, had surgery to repair a double hernia. A club spokesman confirmed: "It is a bilateral sportsman's hernia, which was operated on yesterday." Morrison was sent for scans after being substituted at half-time during Boro's 2-1 UEFA Cup win over Graz AK in which he scored the equaliser. His injury is the latest blow for the Teessiders, who have been without Gaizka Mendieta, George Boateng and Mark Viduka for extended periods. Meanwhile, the kick-off time for Boro's Uefa Cup match at Sporting Lisbon on 17 March has been brought forward from 2115 GMT to 1945 GMT. 

Sri Lankans cleared of misconduct  Two Sri Lanka cricketers have been cleared of misconduct dating back to the ICC Champions Trophy in 2004.  Avishka Gunawardene and Kaushal Lokuarachchi were both the subject of an official disciplinary inquiry after allegations of drunken misconduct. A Colombo newspaper had made the claims after a defeat against England in Southampton which led to Sri Lanka exiting the tournament early. But the disciplinary panel could find no evidence against the players. Sri Lanka Cricket chief executive Duleep Mendis said: "Nobody was prepared to give evidence and there was absolutely no evidence to substantiate the article's allegations." Gunawardene, 27, a hard-hitting opener, and Lokuarachchi, a 22-year-old leg-spinning all-rounder, were both dropped from the national squad after Sri Lanka's tour of Pakistan in October. 

City tie on as weather hits games  Oldham Athletic's FA Cup tie against Manchester City will go ahead despite severe weather conditons, which have hit several games across Britain.  Fans had to wait until noon for the match to be given the green light after high winds caused structural damage to two of the stands at Boundary Park. On Friday, Burnley's tie against Liverpool was called off due to a waterlogged pitch. Bad weather has also forced several Scottish Cup matches to be postponed. Gretna's tie against Dundee United, Morton's match at Livingston and Airdrie United at Ross County were all called off. Elsewhere in Scotland, Third Division matches between Albion Rovers and Queen's Park and Elgin and Peterhead were also postponed. 

Pountney handed ban and fine  Northampton coach Budge Pountney has been fined £2,000 and banned from match-day coaching for six weeks for calling a referee "a disgrace".  Pountney was found guilty of bringing the game into disrepute at a Rugby Football Union disciplinary hearing in London on Thursday night. Pountney criticised referee Steve Lander's performance in Northampton's defeat by Saracens on 5 February. The last two weeks of the six-week ban are suspended. Pountney pleaded guilty to the offence before a panel consisting of chairman Robert Horner, Nigel Gillingham and Jeff Probyn. The ban means former Scotland international Pountney cannot enter the playing enclosure, technical areas or go near the touchline, tunnel or players and officials' areas on the day of a game. 

Spurs to sign Iceland U21 star  Tottenham are primed to snap up Iceland Under-21 international Emil Hallfredsson after he impressed on trial at White Hart Lane.  The 20-year-old midfielder, who plays for FH Hafnarfjordur, also starred in the Uefa Cup match against Scottish side Dunfermline earlier this season. Spurs have agreed a fee for the player, who has yet to agree personal terms. "He had offers from two other clubs but he decided to come to Tottenham," said Spurs sporting director Frank Arnesen. "He is a left-sided player, a position we have been looking at and he showed so much talent in his time here that we decided to take him. "It's down the road of bringing in talent, good prospects and giving them a place at Tottenham where they can improve." 

Yelling takes Cardiff hat-trick  European cross-country champion Hayley Yelling completed a hat-trick of wins in the Reebok Cardiff Cross Challenge in Bute Park on Sunday afternoon.  The part-time maths teacher beat Irish international Jolene Byrne by 40 metres in the six-kilometre race. Another Great Britain international, Louise Damen, finished third as part of the contingent representing England. Peter Riley, who secured bronze for the GB men's team at last month's European Championships, won the men's 9km race. Riley, representing England, moved away over the last two kilometres to win by 25 metres from Ireland's Gary Murray. Glynn Tromans - the reigning UK Inter-Countries and England Cross-Country champion - came in third place as he continues his comeback from a five-month injury lay-off. 

Pavey focuses on indoor success  Jo Pavey will miss January's View From Great Edinburgh International Cross Country to focus on preparing for the European Indoor Championships in March.  The 31-year-old was third behind Hayley Yelling and Justyna Bak in last week's European Cross Country Championships but she prefers to race on the track. "It was great winning bronze but I'm wary of injuries and must concentrate on the indoor season," she said. "Because of previous injuries I don't even run up hills in training." Pavey, who came fifth in the 5,000m at the Athens Olympics, helped the British cross country team win the team silver medal in Heringsdorf last week. She is likely to start her 3,000m season with a race in either Boston or Stuttgart at the end of January. 

Murray returns to Scotland fold  Euan Murray has been named in the Scotland training squad after an eight-week ban, ahead of Saturday's Six Nations match with Ireland.  The Glasgow forward's ban for stamping ended on 2 February. "I'm just happy to be back playing and be involved with the squad," said Murray on Monday. "Hopefully I can get a couple of games under my belt and I might have a chance of playing later in the Six Nations. I'm just glad to be part of it all."  Backs: Mike Blair (Edinburgh Rugby), Andy Craig (Glasgow Rugby), Chris Cusiter (The Borders), Simon Danielli (The Borders), Marcus Di Rollo (Edinburgh Rugby), Phil Godman (Edinburgh Rugby), Calvin Howarth (Glasgow Rugby), Ben Hinshelwood (Worcester Warriors), Andrew Henderson (Glasgow Rugby), Rory Lamont (Glasgow Rugby), Sean Lamont (Glasgow Rugby), Dan Parks (Glasgow Rugby), Chris Paterson (Edinburgh Rugby), Gordon Ross (Leeds Tykes), Hugo Southwell (Edinburgh Rugby), Simon Webster (Edinburgh Rugby) Forwards: Ross Beattie (Northampton Saints), Gordon Bulloch (captain, Glasgow Rugby), David Callam (Edinburgh Rugby), Bruce Douglas (The Borders), Jon Dunbar (Leeds Tykes), Iain Fullarton (Saracens), Stuart Grimes (Newcastle Falcons), Nathan Hines (Edinburgh Rugby), Allister Hogg (Edinburgh Rugby), Gavin Kerr (Leeds Tykes), Nick Lloyd (Saracens), Scott Lawson (Glasgow Rugby), Euan Murray (Glasgow Rugby), Scott Murray (Edinburgh Rugby), Jon Petrie (Glasgow Rugby), Robbie Russell (London Irish), Tom Smith (Northampton Saints), Jason White (Sale Sharks). 

Kluft impressed by Sotherton form  Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft was full of admiration for Britain's Kelly Sotherton as the pair prepared to clash in Birmingham.  Both will be in action on Friday in the 60m hurdles and long jump ahead of the European Indoor Championships later this month in Madrid. Sotherton finished third behind the Swede in Athens, and Kluft said: "I knew about her, she's a great girl. "She looked very good early in the season and was competing really well." Kluft showed impressive early-season form on Tuesday in Stockholm's GE Galan meeting, winning the sprint hurdles, the long jump and the 400m. Sotherton has also displayed promise, with a new high jump personal best in Sheffield at the combined Norwich Union European trials and AAA Championships, and a second place in the long jump behind Jade Johnson. 

Tottenham bid &#163;8m for Forest duo  Nottingham Forest have confirmed they have received an £8m bid from Tottenham for Andy Reid and Michael Dawson.  Reid rejected a move to Southampton after Forest accepted a cash-plus-players offer while Spurs had made previous bids for the 22-year-old. Spurs had also made an undisclosed offer for 21-year-old defender Dawson. Forest chief executive Mark Arthur said: "We've received an £8m bid from Spurs for the two players and we're considering the offer." Southampton's offer for Republic of Ireland international Reid comprised £3m-plus and two players - Brett Ormerod and Darren Kenton.  Spurs had seen previous bids of £3m, £4m and £5m for Reid rejected by the Championship club. 

Australia unchanged for Pakistan  Australia have named an unchanged squad for the first Test against Pakistan in Perth next Friday.  Matthew Hayden missed the third one-day international against New Zealand with a hamstring strain but selectors decided not to name a standby player. Paceman Brett Lee is the 12th man but could be brought into the first team for next week's contest. Lee has been 12th man in the last three Tests but has impressed in the New Zealand one-day series. Australia will enter the Pakistan game full of confidence after beating New Zealand 2-0 in their recent Test series.  Ricky Ponting (captain), Adam Gilchrist, Justin Langer, Matthew Hayden, Damien Martyn, Darren Lehmann, Michael Clarke, Shane Warne, Jason Gillespie, Michael Kasprowicz, Glenn McGrath, Brett Lee. 

Soderling wins tense Milan final  Fifth seed Robin Soderling took the Milan Indoors title with a dramatic win over Radek Stepanek in Sunday's final.  The 20-year-old Swede edged the final set tie-break for a 6-3 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (7-5) victory and his second tour title after winning in Lyon last year. "I'm delighted to have won against such a good opponent in a tournament of this importance," said Soderling. "I was really on form, my service was good and I really liked playing on the synthetic surface." Soderling, the world number 37, shrugged off a nervous start to take the opening set on his first set point. A change in approach from fourth seed Stepanek in the second set paid dividends as he took it on a tie-break, but Soderling's superior power proved too much in the third. 

Johansson takes Adelaide victory  Second seed Joachim Johansson won his second career title with a 7-5 6-3 win over Taylor Dent at the Australian hardcourt championships in Adelaide.  The Swede was made to graft, American Dent surviving three break points in the fifth game of the match. But Johansson got the breakthrough with a sublime backhand return winner and won the second set with more ease. His first tournament win was at Memphis in 2004, helping him leap from 113th in the world rankings to number 11. Afterwards, Dent said he rated US Open semi-finalist Johansson as a top contender at the Australian Open, which starts on 17 January. "I believe men's tennis is all about holding serve and if he's playing like that on his own serve I don't see how guys are going to break him," said Dent. Johansson was more restrained in his assessment: "I have to improve my serve if I'm going to go all the way in Melbourne." 

Kiwis recall Tuffey for Sri Lanka  New Zealand have recalled seam bowler Daryl Tuffey to their squad for their one-day series with Sri Lanka.  Tuffey, who missed the recent tours of Bangladesh and Australia with a leg injury, is fully fit according to Kiwis' coach John Bracewell. Middle-order batsman Craig McMillan has been dropped, along with change bowlers Andre Adams and Tama Canning. The first match of the series is on December 26, and the teams also play a two-match test series in January. The squad has been reduced to 12 for the first three games of the one-day series to allow as many players as possible to play in domestic first class competition.  All-rounder Chris Harris will not feature after having an operation to repair the shoulder he injured in the second match against Australia.  Stephen Fleming (captain), Nathan Astle, Mathew Sinclair, Hamish Marshall, Scott Styris, Chris Cairns, Jacob Oram, Brendon McCullum, Daniel Vettori, Kyle Mills, Ian Butler, Daryl Tuffey. 

London hope over Chepkemei  London Marathon organisers are hoping that banned athlete Susan Chepkemei will still take part in this year's race on 17 April.  Chepkemei was suspended from all competition until the end of the year by Athletics Kenya after failing to report to a national training camp. "We are watching it closely," said London race director David Bedford. "There is a long way to go before the race and we are hoping the situation will be satisfactorily resolved." The camp in Embu was to prepare for the IAAF World Cross Country Championships later this month. Chepkemei however took part and finished third in last Sunday's world best 10K race in Puerto Rico. The 29-year-old has finished second to Paula Radcliffe in the 2002 and 2003 London races as well as in November's New York City marathon. 

Cudicini misses Carling Cup final  Chelsea goalkeeper Carlo Cudicini will miss Sunday's Carling Cup final after the club dropped their appeal against his red card against Newcastle.  The Italian was sent off for bringing down Shola Ameobi in the final minute of Sunday's match. Blues boss Jose Mourinho had promised to pick Cudicini for the final instead of first-choice keeper Petr Cech. The 31-year-old will now serve a one-match suspension commencing with immediate effect.  Cudicini kept a club record 24 clean sheets last season for Chelsea, but Petr Cech has established himself as first choice for Mourinho since moving to Stamford Bridge in summer 2004. The 22-year-old Czech Republic international has set a new Premiership record of 961 consecutive minutes without conceding a goal, a mark which is still running. But Mourinho has used Cudicini regularly in the Carling Cup, and the Italian has only let in one goal in his four appearances during Chelsea's run to the final. 

Tulu to appear at Caledonian run  Two-time Olympic 10,000 metres champion Derartu Tulu has confirmed she will take part in the BUPA Great Caledonian Run in Edinburgh on 8 May.  The 32-year-old Ethiopian is the first star name to enter the event. Tulu has won the Boston, London and Tokyo Marathons, as well as the world 10,000m title in 2001. "We are delighted to have secured the services of one the most decorated competitors the sport has ever seen," said race director Matthew Turnbull. "Her record speaks for herself and there are few other women distance runners who would dare compare their pedigree with Tulu's," he added. "She might be 33 next month, but that didn't stop her winning the Olympic 10,000m bronze medal last summer. She's an ultra-consistent championships racer." 

Palace threat over Cantona masks  Manchester United fans wearing Eric Cantona masks will not be allowed in Selhurst Park on Saturday.  United fans are planning to mark the 10th anniversary of Cantona's infamous kung-fu kick on Crystal Palace fan Matthew Simmons by wearing the masks. But Palace stadium manager Kevin Corner has warned: "If they wear them inside Selhurst Park they will be immediately rejected on safety grounds. "And no fans wearing Cantona masks will be allowed entry to the stadium." United fans had declared Saturday as 'Cantona Day' and had planned to wear masks, that were popular during the Frenchman's time as a player at the Old Trafford club. Cantona received a nine-month ban following the incident and Palace are keen to avoid an incident that would stir up ill feeling between the two sets of supporters. Four months after the Cantona incident a Palace fan, Paul Nixon, was killed prior to an FA Cup semi-final at Villa Park. 

Beattie return calms attack fears  Everton striker James Beattie has been declared fit for training on Tuesday, despite suffering an alleged assault last Saturday.  Beattie, 27, is not believed to be as seriously hurt as some reports have suggested after being "the victim of an unprovoked assault" in Birmingham. He was on a night out with his girlfriend and two friends following Everton's 3-1 win over Aston Villa. "He was shaken but not badly injured," said Everton spokesman Ian Ross. He added: "He did speak to the police but will not be pressing charges. "He has spoken to manager David Moyes about what happened." Beattie was suspended for the win at Aston Villa after his red card against Chelsea and he will be available again for the Merseyside derby at Liverpool on 20 March. 

Israeli club look to Africa  Four African players, including Zimbabwe goalkeeper Energy Murambadoro, are all ready to play for Israeli club Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in the Uefa Cup.  Bnei Sakhnin are the first Arab side ever to play in European competition and will play English Premiership side Newcastle United in the first round. Warriors' goalkeeper Murambadoro, who made a name for himself at the African Nations Cup finals in Tunisia, helped Bnei Sakhnin overcome Albania's Partizani Tirana 6-1 in the previous round. Murambadoro moved to Israel recently after a brief stint with South African club Hellenic. The club won the Israeli Cup final last season and are based in Sakhnin, which is near Haifa. The club have a strong ethic and are high profile promoters of peace and co-operation within Israel. The three other Africans at the club are former Cameroon defender Ernest Etchi, DR Congo's Alain Masudi and Nigerian midfielder Edith Agoye, who had a stint with Tunisian side Esperance. 

Serena becomes world number two  Serena Williams has moved up five places to second in the world rankings after her Australian Open win.  Williams won her first Grand Slam title since 2003 with victory over Lindsay Davenport, the world number one. Men's champion Marat Safin remains fourth in the ATP rankings while beaten finalist Lleyton Hewitt replaces Andy Roddick as world number two. Roger Federer retains top spot, but Safin has overtaken Hewitt to become the new leader of the Champions Race. Alicia Molik, who lost a three-set thriller against Davenport in the quarter-finals, is in the women's top 10 for the first time in her career. Her rise means Australia have a player in the top 10 of the men's and women's rankings for the first time in 21 years. And Britain's Elena Baltacha, who qualified and then reached the third round, has risen to 120 in the world - a leap of 65 places and her highest ranking yet. 

Gebrselassie in London triple bid  Double Olympic 10,000m champion Haile Gebrselassie will race in the London Marathon for the next three years.  The Ethiopian legend won Sunday's Almeria half-marathon in Spain on his return from an operation on his Achilles tendon. He was third in London in 2002 in his first serious attempt at the marathon. "It is a coup for us to secure Haile's presence for the next three years and it guarantees a quality race," said race director David Bedford. Gebrselassie will face Olympic champion Stefano Baldini, world champion Jaouad Gharib, and arch-rival Paul Tergat, the current world record holder. "If I didn't think I could win I would not be here," said Gebrselassie, who has set world records on 18 occasions in his illustrious career and is keen to add the marathon record to his collection. "There are a lot of fantastic runners in the race but I shall be doing my utmost to upset them." 

Newcastle move in for Boa Morte  Newcastle manager Graeme Souness has confirmed Fulham striker Luis Boa Morte is his latest transfer target.  Souness wants to add the £3m-rated Portugal international to his revamped squad during the transfer window. He said: "We have declared an interest in him. The chairman is working hard to bring at least one more body in before this window goes past." Souness may offer Olivier Bernard, Titus Bramble or Lee Bowyer as bait in a deal for the 27-year-old. The Newcastle boss also unveiled Jean-Alain Boumsong, his £8m buy from Ranger, and defender Celestine Babayaro, a £1m capture from Chelsea, as he revamps his squad. Fulham have insisted Boa Morte is not for sale and hope he will agree a new contract - but Souness is determined to land his man. 

O'Shea to head up RFU Academies  London Irish managing director Conor O'Shea is to leave the Exiles to take up a post as the Rugby Football Union's Director of Regional Academies.  O'Shea will start his new role in the spring, monitoring players capable of developing into England internationals. "I look on this move to Twickenham as a huge challenge and one I simply could not turn down," O'Shea said. "I can see so much potential for moving the academy network onto another level and that excites me enormously." O'Shea, who won 35 caps for Ireland at full-back, was forced to retire as player in 2001 after a series of ankle operations. He then became the Exiles' director of rugby before taking up the managing director role in 2003. O'Shea will manage the network of 14 England regional rugby academies, working closely with David Shaw, who has been instrumental in establishing the system, and Brian Ashton, who runs the National Academy in Bath. 

Dent continues Adelaide progress  American Taylor Dent reached the final of the Australian hardcourt event in Adelaide with a crushing 6-1 6-1 win over Argentine Juan Ignacio Chela.  Dent will meet Swede Joachim Johansson on Sunday after the second seed survived a tense tie-break to defeat Belgium's Olivier Rochus 6-1 7-6 (7/5). Johansson, the boyfriend of Lleyton Hewitt's sister Jaslyn, received strong crowd support on Saturday. "It feels like home for me, because Jaslyn lives here," said Johansson. Rochus was leading 5-4 in the second set tiebreak but his concentration was ruffled by a disputed line call and the match slipped away. "It was so close - one mistake like this and the match is over, it's tough. For me, it was clearly out," Rochus said. 

Curbishley delight for Johansson  Charlton manager Alan Curbishley paid tribute to two-goal striker Jonatan Johansson after beating Norwich.  Curbishley said after the 4-0 win: "There was talk about Norwich being interested in the summer but I have a lot of faith in Jonatan. "When there was talk of other clubs I just told him he was going nowhere. "He's part of our squad and he got us a couple of important goals early on. I'm sure he's happy here, but I was delighted with all the players." Curbishley was subjected to criticism from Charlton fans recently, and he said: "The thing about this club is that we have got where we are by all pulling in the same direction. "That's happened for however long I've been here and we don't want people taking sides." 

Munster Cup tie switched to Spain  Munster's Heineken Cup quarter-final tie against Biarritz on 3 April has been switched to Real Sociedad's Paseo de Anoeta stadium in San Sebastian.  Real's ground holds 32,000 whereas the Parc des Sports Aguilera in Biarritz has a capacity of just 12,667. The Irish province will be given at least 8,000 tickets. "The decision to move was a difficult one, but as we considered the fans as one of our primary objectives," said Biarritz chairman Marcel Martin. "We hope we will be rewarded as a huge crowd behaving in the best rugby tradition." The match will be the first Heineken Cup fixture to be played in Spain, and is expected to attract the biggest-ever attendance for a rugby match in the country. Ulster were the last Irish team to play at the Paseo de Anoeta stadium where they faced a Euskarians side during a pre-season tour in 1998. 

FA charges Mourinho  Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has been charged with improper conduct by the Football Association.  The move follows comments on Chelsea TV after the Carling Cup semi-final first leg draw against Manchester United. Mourinho suggested United boss Sir Alex Ferguson had put pressure on referee Neale Barry at half-time. The Chelsea boss, who has until 14 February to respond, said: "In the second half it was whistle and whistle, fault and fault, cheat and cheat." However, the FA will not take action over comments on the same issue by Chelsea defender John Terry after the match. Terry said: "With most refs and being captain, you can maybe have a word, but he just wasn't willing to listen which was disappointing." In a statement, the FA said it had "reviewed the content and context of these comments, (and) decided that it is not appropriate to take formal disciplinary action." 

Holmes starts 2005 with GB events  Kelly Holmes will start 2005 with a series of races in Britain.  Holmes will make her first track appearance on home soil since winning double Olympic gold in January's Norwich Union International in Glasgow. She will also run in the Grand Prix in Birmingham in February and may defend her indoor AAA 800m title in Sheffield earlier that month. "I am still competitive and still want to win," she said. "I'm an athlete and I can't wait to get back on the track." She added: "These events are also a great opportunity to thank the British public for the enormous levels of support they have given me from the moment I stepped off that plane from Greece." The Glasgow meeting will see Holmes compete over 1500m in a five-way match against Sweden, France, Russia and Italy. 

Robben plays down European return  Injured Chelsea winger Arjen Robben has insisted that he only has a 10% chance of making a return against Barcelona in the Champions League.  The 21-year-old has been sidelined since breaking a foot against Blackburn last month. Chelsea face Barcelona at home on 8 March having lost 2-1 in the first leg. And Robben told the Daily Star: "It is not impossible that I will play against Barcelona but it is just a very, very small chance - about 10%."  Robben has been an inspirational player for Chelsea this season following a switch from PSV Einhoven last summer. He added: "My recovery is going better than we expected a few weeks ago but I think the Barcelona game will come too soon. "I won't take any risks and come back too soon." 

Chepkemei joins Edinburgh line-up  Susan Chepkemei has decided she is fit enough to run in next month's Great Edinburgh International Cross Country.  The Kenyan was initially unsure if she would have recovered from her gruelling tussle with Paula Radcliffe in the New York Marathon in time to compete. But she has declared herself up to the task and joins a field headed by World cross country champion Benita Johnson. Race director Matthew Turnbull said: "Susan will add even more strength in depth to the world-class line up." Chepkemei, who won the six kilometre event three years ago when it was staged in Newcastle, endured an epic battle with Radcliffe in the Big Apple until the Briton outsprinted her in the final 400m. Tirunesh Dibaba of Ethiopia will defend the title she won last year in Tyneside - before the race was moved north of the border. Recently-crowned European cross country champion Briton Hayley Yelling also competes in Edinburgh on 15 January, as does in-form Scot Kathy Butler. 

Mutu to hold talks with Juventus  Disgraced former Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu is to begin talks with Juventus as he looks for a new club.  "Mutu will be in our club's main stand to watch the match between Juventus and Fiorentina," said a Juventus official, who declined to be named. "Then he will meet some important people of the club," he added. Mutu, 25, sacked by Chelsea and banned for seven months for taking cocaine, is now represented by Alessandro Moggi, son of Juve manager Luciano Moggi. Mutu, banned by the English FA, can resume playing next May. He is to undergo a drug education and rehabilitation programme. Mutu wants to train with Romanian side Dinamo Bucharest whilst serving his ban, say the Bucharest side. 

Worcester v Sale (Fri)  Sixways  Friday, 25 February  2000 GMT  They make just one change, with Tim Collier replacing Phil Murphy in the second row. In contrast, Sale are missing 14 players due to a combination of international call-ups and injuries. John Payne and Chris Rhys Jones come into the centres while scrum-half Richard Wigglesworth looks set to play on the wing.  Delport; Pieters, Rasmussen, Lombard, O'Leary; Brown, Powell; Windo, Van Niekerk, Horsman; Collier, Gillies; Hickey, Sanderson, MacLeod- Henderson.  Replacements: Fortey, Murphy, Daly, Vaili, Cole, Hayes, Trueman.  Hanley; Mayor, Payne, Rhys Jones, Wigglesworth; Hercus, Redpath (capt); Turner, Roddam, Stewart; Day, Schofield; Caillet, Carter, Chabal.  Replacements (from): Bozzi, Coutts, Anglesea, Lund, Martens, Riley, Duffy, C Jones. 

Ivanovic seals Canberra victory  Serbia's Ana Ivanovic captured her first WTA title with a straight-sets victory over Hungarian Melinda Czink in the final of the Canberra Classic.  The 17-year-old took 83 minutes to take the match 7-5 6-1. Ivanovic beat Czink in the last round of qualifying but the Hungarian made the main draw as a lucky loser after Katarina Srebotnik withdrew injured. Ivanovic said: "I was really nervous in the beginning, but I pulled through and didn't do too much wrong." A junior Wimbledon finalist last year, she added: "It's my first WTA title, and to win it has really given me more energy to practice and improve." Ivanovic will play 32nd seed Iveta Benesova of the Czech Republic in the first round.said of the Australian Open in Melbourne. 

Beckham relief as Real go through  David Beckham expressed his relief at Real Madrid's passage to the Champions League knockout phase.  After Real's 3-0 win at Roma, the England skipper admitted another season of under-achievement would not be tolerated at the Bernabeu stadium. Beckham said: "It's expected of Madrid to get through, but it's a relief for the club and players to have won. "We lost momentum last season but we cannot afford to to go another season without winning anything." Real's finish as runners-up in their Champions League group means they cannot face his old club Manchester United in the next round. But Real could be drawn against other Premiership hopefuls, Arsenal or Chelsea, who won their respective groups. "It's going to be great whoever we play, even if we don't get either of the two English teams." 

Windies Australia tour to proceed  West Indies are set to tour Australia after a row over sponsorship deals for individual players neared resolution.  The dispute began because of conflicts between West Indies Cricket Board sponsor Digicel and Cable & Wireless, who endorse a number of the players. Both sides have accepted a ruling on whether players can have their own deals, but that has not been disclosed. "We are convinced we will have a resolution that allows the tour to proceed," arbiter Keith Mitchell said. Mitchell, the Prime Minister of Grenada, appointed judge Adrian Saunders to make a binding ruling on the issue, but he refused to reveal what the ruling was. The impasse has delayed the announcement of West Indies' 14-man squad to play in the limited-overs tournament with Australia and Pakistan. It will be the first competition they have taken part in since winning the ICC Champions Trophy in England three months ago. They are due to play their first warm-up match against Victoria on 5 January. 

Weir poised for Sunderland move  Larne's teenage star Robbie Weir is poised to join Sunderland after turning down a move to Stoke City.  The 17-year-old Irish League midfielder was also being chased by Rangers and Fulham, but Mick McCarthy's side appear to have won the race. But Larne boss Jimmy McGeough has yet to confirm that Weir is on his way from Inver Park. "I heard on Sunday that he has joined Sunderland, but not from the lad himself," he said. ''Robbie has an agreement with Larne that he can negotiate with interested clubs.  ''Personally, I would rather see him making an impact at local level to build up his physique before moving into the full-time game. ''He has been on trial with a number of clubs. But it would be great to see him making it at Sunderland.'' 

Dal Maso in to replace Bergamasco  David dal Maso has been handed the task of replacing the injured Mauro Bergamasco at flanker in Italy's team to face Scotland on Saturday.  Alessandro Troncon continues at scrum-half despite the return to fitness of Paul Griffen. The experienced Cristian Stoica is recalled at centre at the expense of Walter Pozzebon. "We are going to Scotland for the first away win and nothing else," said manager Marco Bollesan. "I really believe this is the team who will have all our faith for Saturday's game. "We lost a player like Mauro Bergamasco who has been important for us, but (coach) John (Kirwan) has put together the best team at present, if not ever.  R de Marigny (Parma); Mirco Bergamasco (Stade Francais), C Stoica (Montpellier), A Masi (Viadana), L Nitoglia (Calvisano); L Orquera (Padova), A Troncon (Treviso); A Lo Cicero (L'Aquilla), F Ongaro (Treviso), M Castrogiovanni (Calvisano), S Dellape (Agen), M Bortolami (Narbonne, capt), A Persico (Agen), D dal Maso (Treviso), S Parisse (Treviso).  G Intoppa (Calvisano), S Perugini (Calvisano), CA Del Fava (Parma), S Orlando (Treviso), P Griffen (Calvisano), R Pedrazzi (Viadana), K Robertson (Viadana). 

Mauresmo fights back to win title  World number two Amelie Mauresmo came from a set down to beat Venus Williams and win the Diamond Games in Antwerp.  Mauresmo, who lost to Dinara Safina in the final of the Paris Indoor Open last week, beat the third seed 4-6 7-5 6-4 for her first title of the season. The Frenchwoman produced some superb volleys in the final set and claimed victory on her fifth match point after two hours and 18 minutes. "This was a great final for a great tournament," she said. "I am so happy because the quality of my game went up and up during the whole week until the final, this is the result of all the work I have done with my coach." Williams was seeking her third title in Antwerp having won it on her two previous visits in 2002 and 2003. The defeat means she has now gone 11 tournaments without a title, the longest drought of her career. "Amelie deserves her win, she played so well," she said. 

Lewis-Francis eyeing world gold  Mark Lewis-Francis says his Olympic success has made him determined to bag World Championship 100m gold in 2005.  The 22-year-old pipped Maurice Greene on the last leg of the 4x100m relay in Athens to take top honours for Team GB. But individually, the Birchfield Harrier has yet to build on his World Junior Championship win four years ago. "The gold medal in Athens has made me realise that I can get to the top level and I want to get there again. It can happen, I don't see why not," he said. Lewis-Francis has still to decided what events will feature in his build-up to the worlds - with one exception. He has confirmed his participation in the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February, where he will take on another member of Britain's victorious men's relay team - Jason Gardener - over 60m. He added: "It's a bit too early to make any predictions for Helsinki, but I have my eyes open and I know I can be the best in the world." 

Benitez 'to launch Morientes bid'  Liverpool may launch an £8m January bid for long-time target Fernando Morientes, according to reports.  The Real Madrid striker has been linked with a move to Anfield since the summer and is currently behind Raul, Ronaldo and Michael Owen at the Bernabeu. Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez is keen to bolster his forward options with Djibril Cisse out until next season. "If there is an attractive propostition it could be I would be keen to leave," admitted the 28-year-old Morientes. He added: "Unfortunately, I'm not in control of the situation. I'm under contract to Real and they will make any decisions." The fee could put Liverpool off a prospective deal but Real are keen to net the cash as they are reported to be preparing a massive summer bid for Inter Milan striker Adriano. The Reds are currently sixth in the Premiership, 15 points behind leaders Chelsea. 

Roche 'turns down Federer offer'  Australian tennis coach Tony Roche has turned down an approach from Roger Federer to be the world number one's new full-time coach, say reports.  Melbourne's Herald-Sun said Roche, troubled by a hip complaint, did not want to travel full-time again. However, Roche is happy to work with the Swiss star on a casual basis and is helping him prepare for next month's defence of his Australian Open crown. Federer has been without a coach since splitting with Peter Lundgren in 2003. Roche, a former Davis Cup player for Australia, won the French Open, reached the Wimbledon and US Open finals and won five Wimbledon doubles titles with John Newcombe.  He also coached former number one Ivan Lendl and Pat Rafter to Grand Slam victories and has worked with Australia's Lleyton Hewitt. Some reports claim Federer initially wanted Andre Agassi's Australian coach Darren Cahill, before Agassi confirmed he would play on in 2005. Federer was named Swiss sportsman of the year on Saturday, to add to the BBC overseas sportsman and European Sports Journalists Association awards he has already won. 

Injury doubts beset Wales squad  Wales have a clutch of injury worries before Wednesday's international friendly against Hungary in Cardiff.  West Ham's Gavin Williams (ankle) looks certain to be out, so uncapped Wrexham defender Stephen Roberts is drafted in. Defenders Danny Gabbidon and Gareth Roberts, plus Ryan Giggs have hamstring concerns, while there are also doubts over Robbie Savage (groin). However, Manchester United winger Giggs is expected to recover in time to earn his 50th cap at the Millennium Stadium. There were also doubts over Gabbidon's fellow Cardiff defender Rhys Weston, but the full-back appears to have shrugged off the knock he picked up in the Bluebirds' 1-0 loss to West Ham on Sunday. The news leaves Wales boss John Toshack short in defence for his first game in charge, with Aston Villa's Mark Delaney injured and James Collins with the Under-21s. That could clear the way for new faces Danny Collins and Dave Partridge to make their Wales debuts.  Coyne (Burnley), Jones (Wolves), Roberts (Wrexham), Collins (Sunderland), Edwards (Wolves), Gabbidon (Cardiff), Page (Cardiff), Partridge (Motherwell), Ricketts (Swansea), Roberts (Tranmere), Weston (Cardiff), Davies (Tottenham), Fletcher (West Ham), Giggs (Man Utd), Koumas (West Brom), Robinson (Sunderland), Savage (Blackburn), Williams (West Ham), Bellamy (Newcastle), Earnshaw (West Brom), Hartson (Celtic). 

Sprinter Walker quits athletics  Former European 200m champion Dougie Walker is to retire from athletics after a series of six operations left him struggling for fitness.  Walker had hoped to compete in the New Year Sprint which is staged at Musselburgh Racecourse near Edinburgh on Tuesday and Wednesday. The 31-year-old Scot was suspended for two years in 1998 after testing positive for nandrolone. "I had intended to race but I'm running like a goon," said Walker. He told the Herald newspaper: "I'm not in great shape, after missing about a month of training. "I missed a big chunk of speed work over about three weeks, and then another week working in America. "If I'd had a half-decent mark it might have motivated me more, but I won't be racing. "I still enjoy training, but feel it's time to move on, and concentrate on a career." 

Holmes feted with further honour  Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes has been voted European Athletics (EAA) woman athlete of 2004 in the governing body's annual poll.  The Briton, made a dame in the New Year Honours List for taking 800m and 1,500m gold, won vital votes from the public, press and EAA member federations. She is only the second British woman to land the title after- Sally Gunnell won for her world 400m hurdles win in 1993. Swedish triple jumper Christian Olsson was voted male athlete of the year. The accolade is the latest in a long list of awards that Holmes has received since her success in Athens. In addition to becoming a dame, she was also named the BBC Sports Personality of the Year in December. Her gutsy victory in the 800m also earned her the International Association of Athletics Federations' award for the best women's performance in the world for 2004. And she scooped two awards at the British Athletics Writers' Association annual dinner in October. 

Sydney return for Henin-Hardenne  Olympic champion Justine Henin-Hardenne will return to action in January's Sydney International tournament.  The Belgian has not competed since losing her top world ranking at the US Open in September, where she was beaten in the fourth round by Nadia Petrova. She took time out to shake off a virus but will defend her titles in Sydney and at the Australian Open. Women's world number one Lindsay Davenport and French Open champion Anastasia Myskina will also compete.  In the men's event, world number three Lleyton Hewitt returns to defend his title, along with runner-up Carlos Moya. Moya, Spain's Davis Cup final hero in their recent win over the US, had to retire with an ankle injury in the first set of the final.  Tournament director Craig Watson said: "I had a message relayed to me from him after Spain's Davis Cup victory, saying he was looking forward to trying to make up for his disappointment in the (2004) final. The tournament will take place from 9-15 January. 

Leeds v Saracens (Fri)  Headingley  Friday, 25 February  2000 GMT  The Tykes have brought in Newcastle prop Ed Kalman and Tom McGee from the Borders on loan while fly-half Craig McMullen has joined from Narbonne. Raphael Ibanez is named at hooker for Saracens in one of four changes. Simon Raiwalui and Ben Russell are also selected in the pack while Kevin Sorrell comes in at outside centre.  - Friday's game at Headingley got the go-ahead on Friday after passing an early pitch inspection. Leeds: Balshaw; Rees, Christophers, Bell, Doherty; McMullen, Dickens; McGee, Rawlinson, Gerber; Murphy, Palmer (capt), Morgan, Parks, Popham. Replacements: Kalman, Regan, Hyde, Rigney, McMillan, Rock, Vickerman. Saracens: Bartholomeusz; Castaignede, Sorrell, Harris, Vaikona; Jackson, Bracken; Yates, Ibanez, Visagie; Raiwalui, Fullarton; Randell, Russell, Vyvyan (capt). Replacements: Cairns, Lloyd, Broster, Chesney, Johnston, Rauluni, Little. 

South Africa recall Boje  South Africa have recalled spinner Nicky Boje for the first Test against England, which begins on 17 December.  Boje missed the recent tour of India because of fears he would be called in for questioning by Indian police over match-fixing allegations. Pace bowler Dale Steyn and opening batsmen AB de Villiers are new faces in a 13-man squad. Despite suffering poor form in India, new wicket-keeper Thami Tsolekile has been preferred to Mark Boucher. There is no place for opener Herschelle Gibbs, who has been struggling with a finger injury after missing the India trip, and spin all-rounder Justin Ontong has been dropped. Nicky Boje, who underwent minor surgery to remove a growth in his neck, will have to pass a fitness test before the match. Port Elizabeth, where the first Test is being held, is South Africa's most spin-friendly venue.  Graeme Smith (Capt), Nicky Boje, Hashim Amla, Zander de Bruyn, AB de Villiers, Boeta Dippenaar, Andrew Hall, Jacques Kallis, Makhaya Ntini, Shaun Pollock, Jacques Rudolph, Dale Steyn, Thami Tsolekile (Wkt). 

ICC to press on with Dubai switch  The International Cricket Council is expected to confirm its move from London to Dubai with an announcement to be made later in January.  British Sports Minister Richard Caborn met ICC president Ehsan Mani on Monday in an attempt to persuade cricket's governing body against making the move. But the ICC remains keen to move to the United Arab Emirates to take advantage of tax breaks not on offer in Britain. Last December, the UK Treasury ruled out tax breaks for sports federations. The ICC is not impressed that it has taken so long for the British government to seek a meeting with Mani, especially as it had first mooted a move from Lord's in June last year. Mani told Caborn that if circumstances had changed he would be prepared to consider asking his members to remain in London. But whatever the Department of Culture, Media and Sport can offer, the biggest factor for the ICC - tax breaks - remains something that only the Treasury can rule on. The ICC recently voted 11-1 with one abstention to move to Dubai, and now only the final details need to be arranged before everything is in place for the switch. 

Wilkinson fit to face Edinburgh  England captain Jonny Wilkinson will make his long-awaited return from injury against Edinburgh on Saturday.  Wilkinson, who has not played since injuring his bicep on 17 October, took part in full-contact training with Newcastle Falcons on Wednesday. And the 25-year-old fly-half will start Saturday's Heineken Cup match at Murrayfield on the bench. But Newcastle director of rugby Rob Andrew said: "He's fine and we hope to get him into the game at some stage." The 25-year-old missed England's autumn internationals after aggravating the haematoma in his upper right arm against Saracens. He was subsequently replaced as England captain by full-back Jason Robinson. Sale's Charlie Hodgson took over the number 10 shirt in the internationals against Canada, South Africa and Australia. Wilkinson's year has been disrupted by injury as his muscle problem followed eight months on the sidelines with a shoulder injury sustained in the World Cup final. 

Jones medals 'must go if guilty'  World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) chief Dick Pound says Marion Jones should be stripped of all her medals if found guilty of taking banned substances.  Victor Conte, of Balco Laboratories, claims the American sprinter regularly used drugs to enhance her performance. "If she is found guilty she should be stripped of all her medals and banned for two years," said Pound. Asked if there was a timescale as to what medals could be taken, Pound said: "That is not an issue at all." However, under International Olympic Committee (IOC) rules, athletes can only be stripped of their medals if caught within three years of the event. Jones, who won five medals at the 2000 Olympics, denies using drugs and says she will take legal action over Conte's allegations. Balco Laboratories is the firm at the centre of a wide-reaching investigation into doping in the US. Pound continued: "If she has indeed taken drugs it is going to be a big disappointment for a lot of people." 

Safin slumps to shock Dubai loss  Marat Safin suffered a shock loss to unseeded Nicolas Kiefer in round one of the Dubai Tennis Championships.  Playing his first match since winning the Australian Open, Safin showed some good touches but was beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 by the in-form Kiefer. The German got on top in the first-set tie-break, striking a sweet forehand to win the first point against serve. And he maintained the momentum early in the second set, breaking the Russian with the help of an inspired volley. Spain's Feliciano Lopez lined up a second round clash with Andre Agassi by beating Thailand's Paradorn Srichaphan. Lopez, who lost in three sets to Roger Federer in last year's final, won 6-2 3-6 6-3. Former champion Fabrice Santoro of France was beaten 6-3 6-0 by sixth seeded Russian Nikolay Davydenko. There were also wins for two other Russians, Igor Andreev and seventh seed Mikhail Youzhny. 

Hingis hints at playing comeback  Martina Hingis has admitted that she might consider a competitive return to tennis if an appearance in Thailand later this month goes well.  The former world number one will play at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, which starts on 31 January, as part of her charity work in the region. "The tournament is a test," she said. "I don't know how my body will react. "I support several charities in Thailand. I'm also playing to see where I am." Speaking to Le Matin, the 24-year-old Swiss added: "At Pattaya there will not be as many people and the players are ranked between the 30th and 95th in the world." Hingis was 22 when she retired after having surgery on both ankles, and her last WTA event was in Filderstadt, Germany, in October 2002, when she lost to Elena Dementieva. 

Davenport puts retirement on hold  Lindsay Davenport has put any talk of retirement on hold after having a largely injury-free 2004 campaign.  The 28-year-old world number one had said that she would quit at the end of last year, but after a successful season she has had a change of heart. "Finally I felt I put myself in a position to try and win Grand Slams again," said Davenport. "It would be tough to walk away when I feel like I can contend so there's no point in hanging it up quite yet." Davenport has won three Grand Slams, the 2000 Australian Open, Wimbledon in 1999 and the 1998 US Open. Her career has been hit by a series of injuries but last year she started hitting top form and won seven titles. She was due to take part in this week's Hopman Cup in Perth but decided she wanted to rest her knee. "I just really wanted to make sure my right knee was going to be able to really withstand all the rigours of the whole year coming up," she said. 

Prodigy Monfils blows away Gaudio  French prodigy Gael Monfils underlined his huge promise by beating French Open champion Gaston Gaudio 6-4 7-6 (7-4) in the first round of the Qatar Open.  The 18-year-old wild card won three of the four junior Grand Slam events last year, including Wimbledon. Fabrice Santoro, the 2000 champion, beat Sweden's Thomas Johansson 6-4 6-2 but fourth seed Mikhail Youzhny lost 6-3 7-6 (7-3) to Rafael Nadal. Roger Federer plays Greg Rusedski in the second round on Wednesday. Monfils, who was given a wildcard into the tournament, said: "This is my first win over a top 10 player and I am delighted. "I play my best tennis when I am fired up on the court and the reason I won today was because I was able to play my natural, attacking game," he said. "Of course I was a bit tired in the second set. But I was confident I could survive had there been a third set." 

South Africa recall spinner Boje  South Africa have recalled spinner Nicky Boje for the first Test against England, which begins on 17 December.  Boje missed the recent tour of India because of fears he would be called in for questioning by Indian police over match-fixing allegations. Pace bowler Dale Steyn and opening batsmen AB de Villiers are new faces in a 13-man squad. Despite suffering poor form in India, new wicket-keeper Thami Tsolekile has been preferred to Mark Boucher. There is no place for opener Herschelle Gibbs, who has been struggling with a finger injury after missing the India trip, and spin all-rounder Justin Ontong has been dropped. Nicky Boje, who underwent minor surgery to remove a growth in his neck, will have to pass a fitness test before the match. Port Elizabeth, where the first Test is being held, is South Africa's most spin-friendly venue.  Graeme Smith (Capt), Nicky Boje, Hashim Amla, Zander de Bruyn, AB de Villiers, Boeta Dippenaar, Andrew Hall, Jacques Kallis, Makhaya Ntini, Shaun Pollock, Jacques Rudolph, Dale Steyn, Thami Tsolekile (Wkt). 

Man Utd women's team to be axed  Manchester United will scrap their women's team once the current season ends, just three months before the North West hosts the Women's Euro 2005.  From next season, the club's commitment to women's football will only stretch as far as coaching up to the age of 16. "Our aim is best served concentrating on youngsters," said club director of communications Philip Townsend. "Our resources are better deployed at the level of school-age children rather than adults." Football Association vice-chairman Ray Kiddell, who heads the FA women's football committee, greeted the news with dismay. "It is very disappointing," he said. "The progress of women's football can be really helped by professional clubs taking women's teams under their umbrella. "It is a blow to the game that a great club like Manchester United will no longer be doing this." 

McClaren eyes Uefa Cup top spot  Steve McClaren wants his Middlesbrough team to win their Uefa Cup group by beating Partizan Belgrade.  Boro have already qualified for the knockout stages alongside Partizan and Villareal, at the expense of Lazio. But boss McClaren is looking for a victory which would mean they avoid a team that has played in the Champions League in Friday's third-round draw. "To need a win to finish top is fantastic, but it is going to be a tough one," McClaren said. "When the draw was made, I thought it was the toughest group of them all - and so it has proved. "Lazio were favourites, Villarreal have been semi-finalists, and Partizan have fantastic experience in Europe. "The pleasing thing is we did the business in the first two games. "Winning those two has put us in a great position and it has been a fantastic experience playing these teams." 

Henchoz prefers England to Gers  Rangers could miss out on Liverpool defender Stephane Henchoz because he wants to continue playing in England.  The Ibrox club have offered a deal to the Swiss international, 30, who is out of contract at the end of the season and has been linked with Southampton. More talks are planned between Rangers and the player's agent on Wednesday, but Henchoz said: "Actually I would like to stay in the Premiership. "Rangers' offer is not the only one and I will have to consider each of them." Henchoz seems certain to leave Liverpool after recently criticising manager Rafael Benitez. Rangers want him as a replacement for Jean-Alain Boumsong, who has moved to Newcastle for £8m. However, the former Blackburn defender is reported to have rejected an initial six-month contract offer as he wants at least an 18-month deal. Henchoz has played just four times for Liverpool this season and has yet to play in the league under Benitez. 

Iranian misses Israel match  Iranian striker Vahid Hashemian will not travel to Israel for Bayern Munich's Champions League match against Maccabi Tel Aviv on Wednesday.  The German club said the player had pulled out because of a back injury. Iran refuses to recognise Israel's right to exist and does not allow its citizens to travel to the country. A Bayern spokesman said on Monday that the decision not to take Hashemian to Israel had been motivated only by his physical condition. "He's got back pain and he couldn't train," the spokesman said. "It would have made no sense for him to go." Iran gave judo world champion Arash Miresmaeili a $125,000 reward when he refused to fight an Israeli at the Athens Olympics. The International Judo Federation considered taking action against Miresmaeili but concluded he had been overweight for the fight and could not have taken part. 

Hewitt falls to Dent  Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.  The top seed was a strong favourite for the title but went down 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to the American. Dent will face Juan Ignacio Chela next after the fourth seed was too strong for Jurgen Melzer. Olivier Rochus beat third seed Nicolas Kiefer 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (8-6) 7-5 and will take on second seed Joachim Johansson. The Swede reached the last four by beating compatriot Thomas Enqvist 6-3 4-6 6-1. "I felt like I was striking the ball much better," said Johansson. "I felt like I had a lot of break chances, I didn't take care of them all, but I broke him four times and he only broke me once. "I felt that was the key to get up in the set early." 

Rivals back anti-racism campaign  Manchester United and Arsenal players will wear black and white wristbands when they face each other on Tuesday as part of a new anti-racism initiative.  Launching the 'Stand Up, Speak Up' scheme with Thierry Henry, United's Rio Ferdinand said football's ruling bodies should do more to tackle racist abuse. "If an offence is committed, they should make a stand against it before the players do," Ferdinand said. "It should be up to the authorities to come forward." Ferdinand added: "It is a massive issue that needs to be jumped on and addressed. "It is a bit sad that it has taken the initiative of a player to push this issue forward." Henry became involved with the campaign following comments directed at him last year by Luis Aragones.  Ferdinand claimed he was surprised by the lack of action taken against the Spain coach, saying: "I think if it had been the England manager who had said something like that, he wouldn't be in a job now." 

Solskjaer raises hopes of return  Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer said he hoped to return next season following a career-threatening injury to his right knee.  The 31-year-old Norway international had surgery in Sweden in August to transplant cartilage into the joint. "I'm in no doubt that I'll play again," Solskjaer told Aftenposten Daily. "The problem will be the speed but we're talking about eight months' time. It's going as it should with the knee. I'm slavishly following a programme." Solskjaer last played for United as a late substitute in May's FA Cup final win over Millwall. His contract with United runs out in 2006, by which time he will have been at the Premier League club for 10 years. 

Morocco 5-1 Kenya  Morocco thrashed Kenya 5-1 in a 2006 World Cup qualifier on Wednesday in Rabat.  The victory sees the Atlas Lions move to the top of Group Five with nine points from their five matches so far. Jaouad Zairi was the hero for Morocco as he scored hat-trick with his first goal coming after just 12 minutes. He then doubled the lead six minutes before half-time. Mounir Diane made it 3-0 with a goal just a minute into the second half. Youssouf Hadji put the result beyond doubt when he found the target nine minutes before the final whistle. Zairi completed his hat-trick with a goal in the last minute of the match. The Harambee Stars captain Musa Otieno grabbed a consolation goal for Kenya deep into injury time. 

Clijsters set for February return  Tennis star Kim Clijsters will make her return from a career-threatening injury at the Antwerp WTA event in February.  "Kim had considered returning to action in Paris on 7 February," a statement on her website said. "She's decided against this so that she does not risk the final phase of her recovery. If all goes well, Kim will make her return on February 15." The 21-year-old has not played since last October after aggravating a wrist injury at the Belgian Open. Back then, a doctor treating the Belgian feared that her career may be over, with the player having already endured an operation earlier in the season to cure her wrist problem. "I hope she comes back, but I'm pessimistic," said Bruno Willems. Clijsters was also due to marry fellow tennis star Lleyton Hewitt in February but the pair split "for private reasons" back in October. 

Wenger handed summer war chest  Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been guaranteed transfer funds to boost his squad the summer.  The club's managing director, Keith Edelman, stressed that the development of their new £350m stadium had no affect on Wenger's spending power. "The money is there. Don't worry we've got it," Edelman told BBC Sport. "Hopefully, we'll spend it this summer and in the coming years. Arsene attends all our board meetings and he knows our finances are very strong."  Edelman added that it was pointless having a brand new stadium if the team did not match the surroundings. "Its great to have nice, new surroundings, but if the team aren't performing on the pitch, then there isn't great respect in having a fabulous stadium," he said. "It's important that we had sufficient funds for our team in place, before we began on the stadium." 

India wrap up victory in Dhaka  First Test, Dhaka: Bangladesh 184 & 202 v India 526  India win by an innings and 140 runs  Left-arm paceman Irfan Pathan removed Tapash Baisya for 29 to finish with figures of 6-51, and 11-96 overall. Zaheer Khan claimed the final wicket when he had the diligent Manjural Islam Rana caught behind for 69. The home side, 170-8 overnight, subsided for 202 to slump to defeat by an innings and 140 runs. Bangladesh were left with a daunting task after Sachin Tendulkar's record unbeaten 248 helped India to a total of 526, a lead of 342.  Only Nafis Iqbal (54) and Islam Rana offered any real resistance as the hosts were routed in double-quick time. In their 33 Tests since 2000, Bangladesh have now accumulated 30 defeats, with only three draws to their credit. The second and final Test of the series starts in Chittagong on Friday.  Habibul Bashar (capt), Nafis Iqbal, Javed Omar, Mohammad Ashraful, Rajin Saleh, Khaled Mashud (wkt), Mushfiqur Rahman, Mohammad Rafique, Tapash Baisya, Mashrafe Mortaza, Manjurul Islam Rana.  S Ganguly (capt), V Sehwag, G Gambhir, S Tendulkar, R Dravid, M Kaif, D Karthik (wkt), I Pathan, A Kumble, Harbhajan Singh, Z Khan. 

Ashes defeat 'won't hurt Aussies'  Australia great Rodney Marsh says it would do his country no harm if they were to return from England in September having lost the Ashes.  "In the big picture, England need to be strong," said Marsh, who steps down as director of England's national academy in September. "So, it won't do Australia or the game any harm if they lose the Ashes. "If people back home cannot understand that, that's tough," he told the Daily Telegraph newspaper. Marsh flew out on Wednesday to Dubai as coach of the England A team for their tour of the United Arab Emirates and Sri Lanka. He has been employed by the England and Wales Cricket Board as academy director since 2001, and subsequently as a selector. "By the time I leave the ECB, I would like to think I had played a small part in making England more competitive, though the players are the ones who have done the work," he said. Australia have won the past eight Ashes series and are the world's top-ranked team. The five-Test Ashes series begins at Lord's on 21 July. 

IAAF launches fight against drugs  The IAAF - athletics' world governing body - has met anti-doping officials, coaches and athletes to co-ordinate the fight against drugs in sport.  Two task forces have been set up to examine doping and nutrition issues. It was also agreed that a programme to "de-mystify" the issue to athletes, the public and the media was a priority. "Nothing was decided to change things - it was more to have a forum of the stakeholders allowing them to express themselves," said an IAAF spokesman. "Getting everyone together gave us a lot of food for thought." About 60 people attended Sunday's meeting in Monaco, including IAAF chief Lamine Diack and Namibian athlete Frankie Fredericks, now a member of the Athletes' Commission. "I am very happy to see you all, members of the athletics family, respond positively to the IAAF call to sit together and discuss what more we can do in the fight against doping," said Diack. "We are the leading Federation in this field and it is our duty to keep our sport clean." The two task forces will report back to the IAAF Council, at its April meeting in Qatar. 

Coach Ranieri sacked by Valencia  Claudio Ranieri has been sacked as Valencia coach just eight months after taking charge at the Primera Liga club for the second time in his career.  The decision was taken at a board meeting following the side's surprise elimination from the Uefa Cup. "We understand, and he understands, that the results in the last few weeks have not been the most appropriate," said club president Juan Bautista. Former assistant Antonio Lopez will take over as the new coach. Italian Ranieri took over the Valencia job in June 2004 having been replaced at Chelsea by Jose Mourinho.  Things began well but the Spanish champions extended their winless streak to six after losing to Racing Santander last weekend. That defeat was then followed by a Uefa Cup exit at the hands of Steaua Bucharest. Ranieri first took charge of Valencia in 1997, guiding them to the King's Cup and helping them to qualify for the Champions League. The 54-year-old then moved to Atletico Madrid in 1999, before joining Chelsea the following year. 

Windies women in optimistic mood  West Indies are hopeful of making an impression at the Women's World Cup in South Africa despite financial problems which are overshadowing their build-up.  "Our major strength is our bowling, which tends to be very, very tight," said coach Ann Browne-John. "The batting is sound and the team spirit and togetherness the girls have been developing all go together to make them into a very strong unit." They will play holders New Zealand in their first game on 22 March.  All eight teams will face each other under a league format, with the top four then progressing to the semi-finals. Bad weather forced the West Indies indoors at last weekend's training camp, but they have another lasting two weeks, which will begin on 19 February. They last played international cricket in India and Pakistan last year, winning the latter series 5-2 after being outplayed in all five games in India. "These matches exposed us to what women's cricket is all about and how we should go about playing the game. "I think, with that experience behind us, we should do very well," captain Stephanie Power commented. 

Zimbabwe bowlers endure hard toil  Tour match, Chittagong (stumps, day one of three): Bangladesh Cricket Board XI 316-7d; Zimbabwe 41-0  By stumps on day one of the three-day match, the Bangladesh Cricket Board XI had declared on 316-7, with Zimbabwe replying safely enough to be 41-0. For the tourists, leg-spinner Matsikenyeri, generally regarded as a batsman, had figures of 4-58. Tushar Imran compiled an unbeaten 102, with Nafees Ahmed contributing 97. Fringe Test player Rajin Saleh, who was captaining the BCB XI, helped put on 112 for the third wicket with Nafees. Five wickets then fell for the addition of just 34 runs as Matsikenyeri, the sixth bowler tried, had a major impact. But Tushar and Tareq Aziz (19 not out) then added 123 in an unbroken partnership for the eighth wicket. At that point the declaration came and Zimbabwe's openers Matsikenyeri and Barney Rogers survived 10 overs before stumps were drawn.  Shahriar Nadees, Shamsur Rahman, Saqib Al Wasan, Rajin Saleh (capt), Tushar Imran, Al Sahariar, Mushfiqur Rahim, Mohammad Sharif, Tareq Aziz, Shahadat Hossain, Shafaq Al Zabir.  Barney Rogers, Stuart Matsikenyeri, Brendan Taylor, Vusi Sibanda, Tatenda Taibu (capt/wk), Elton Chigumbura, Tinashe Panyangara, Douglas Hondo, Prosper Utseya, Tawanda Mupariwa, ANO. 

Bath faced with Tindall ultimatum  Mike Tindall's agent has warned Bath they have until next week to improve their contract offer to the England man or risk losing him to a rival club.  Dipo Alli says he has received an offer for Tindall which dwarfs Bath's deal and that two other clubs want to talk. "Mike does not want to go into the Six Nations worrying about where he will be playing his club rugby next season," Alli told the Guardian newspaper. "It is up to (Bath owner) Andrew Brownsword. He has to make it happen." Tindall is out of contract at the end of the season but it is understood that Brownsword is unwilling to break the club's salary structure to accommodate the 26-year-old's demands. But Alli insists the player is worth more than Bath have put on the table. "Mike has been at Bath for eight years and wants to remain with the club and his demands are anything but excessive," the agent added. "But Brownsword has to recognise Mike's value and we want to resolve things by the end of next week." 

Ferguson rues failure to cut gap  Boss Sir Alex Ferguson was left ruing Manchester United's failure to close the gap on Chelsea, Everton and Arsenal after his side's 1-1 draw with Fulham.  Premiership leaders Chelsea and the Gunners endured a 2-2 stalemate on Sunday, giving United the chance to make up some ground in the league. But Ferguson said: "I think what makes it so bad is that both our rivals dropped points at the weekend. "It was a great opportunity - and we haven't delivered." United went ahead through Alan Smith in the 33rd minute before Bouba Diop's superb 25-yard strike cancelled out the visitors' lead in the 87th minute. Ferguson described the result as an "absolute giveaway" after United had earlier missed a host of opportunities to finish off the encounter. He said: "It was a good performance - some of the football was fantastic - but we just didn't finish them off. "In fairness, it's a fantastic strike from the Fulham player." The result leaves Ferguson's side fourth in the league on 31 points - four points behind Arsenal and a further five back from Chelsea. 

Moya fights back for Indian title  Carlos Moya became the first man to successfully defend the Chennai Open title by beating four-times finalist Paradorn Srichaphan 3-6 6-4 7-6 (7/5).  The Spaniard then donated his £28,000 prize money to relief efforts for the victims of the Asian tsunami. The final was close throughout, with Thai second seed Srichaphan - the 2003 winner - closing out the first set. But Moya took the second set, before bouncing back from 5-2 down in the decider to force and win a tie-break. Moya confirmed afterwards: "I'm donating my prize money from this tournament for the tsunami victims, hoping it makes some difference to their lives. His contribution follows pledges by four other players to donate their prize money from the tournament, which went ahead after the 26 December disaster which has so far claimed at least 150,000 lives. Scrichapan said he would donate an unspecified amount for relief work in Thailand, where more than 5,000 people were killed. The ATP has announced that it would contribute the US$25,000 tournament fee to Unicef's emergency relief fund in Tamil Nadu. The ATP Tour's sponsor, Mercedes, said it would also contribute, increasing the ATP donation to US$40,000. 

Uefa approves fake grass  Uefa says it will allow European matches to be played on artificial pitches from the start of next season.  European football's governing body made the decision at a meeting of its Executive Committee on Wednesday. Uefa explained that the move "follows comprehensive studies into the sporting and medical aspects of using artificial playing surfaces." They can be used subject to complying with Uefa quality criteria but there use will not be made obligatory. Luton, Preston, Queens Park Rangers and other clubs used to have plastic pitches during the the 1980s but, after a two-year study, Uefa insists the surfaces have moved on. International matches can also be played on such pitches, although games at major tournaments have to be contested on grass. Uefa spokesman Rob Faulkner said: "People in England have bad memories of the artificial pitches of Luton and QPR in the 1980s, but the latest generation are completely different and are much more like grass. "We have sanctioned its use from the start of next season but only as long as it is the latest generation of artificial turf and meets a whole series of standards." Several leading clubs from Scandinavia, Russia and eastern Europe - especially those who only play Champions League or Uefa Cup matches in winter - are now expected to instal artificial pitches. 

Klinsmann issues Lehmann warning  Germany coach Jurgen Klinsmann has warned goalkeeper Jens Lehmann he may have to quit Arsenal to keep his World Cup dreams alive.  Lehmann is understudy to Oliver Kahn in the German squad, but has lost his place to Manuel Alumnia at Highbury. Klinsmann said: "It will be difficult for any of our players if he is not a first-choice at his club. "If Jens is not Arsenal's number one keeper, that is a problem for me. He must be playing regularly." Lehmann is desperate to keep his place in the Germany squad when the country hosts the World Cup in 2006. Klinsmann added: "If he is not playing regularly he cannot be Germany's number one keeper, or even number two keeper. "The situation for Jens is that he is currently the number two keeper at Arsenal. This could be critical if it remains the same during next season." 

Johnson rules out Lions tour  Former England captain Martin Johnson will not be touring New Zealand with the Lions this summer.  The 34-year-old will be playing in his own testimonial match against a Jonah Lomu XV on 4 June - the same day as the first game of the Lions tour. Johnson, who retired from the international game last year, has called a news conference on Monday to announce details of the match. The World Cup winner twice skippered the Lions and toured three times. The testimonial match, due to be played at Twickenham, is part of a series of events to mark Johnson's long career with Leicester, England and the Lions. The Lions will play the first of their warm-up matches against the Bay of Plenty on 4 June, in Rotorua.  Stuart Henry, a member of Johnson's testimonial committee, said: "It can be taken as a fair assumption that Martin's involvement in the Twickenham fixture will mean he will not be going on the British Lions tour." Johnson suggested back in December that it was unlikely he would take part in the 11-match tour. "If you retire from international rugby, you know what you're getting into - or rather, you know what you're getting out of," he said. 

Butt provides boost for Pakistan  Tour match, Perth: Pakistan 256-9 (50 overs) v Cricket Australia Chairman's XI  His 135-ball innings included a six and 11 fours and gave his side a lift after their surprise defeat by Western Australia's second XI last week. Medium pacer Mike Hussey proved the most effective bowler for the home side, taking 3-28. Pakistan opted to leave out pacemen Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami. They were held back for the four-day game against Western Australia, starting on Thursday - their final warm-up before the first Test. All-rounder Shoaib Malik was also rested after hurting his right arm while playing table football. "It's nothing serious, though he won't bowl for a couple of days," said skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq. The Chairman's XI was led by Justin Langer and included former fast bowler Geoff Lawson, who took 180 Test wickets for Australia between 1980 and 1989.  J Langer (capt), B casson, T Dodemaide, B Edmondson, M Goodwin, M Hussey, G Lawson, M North, C Rogers, L Ronchi, D Thornely, P Worthington.  Inzamam-ul-Haq (capt), Imran Farhat, Salman Butt, Yasir Hameed, Younis Khan,Yousuf Youhana, Shahid Afridi, Karan Akmal, Naved-ul-Hasan, Mohammad Khalil, Danish Kaneria. 

Tartan Army given safety pledge  Scotland fans will be able to watch the World Cup qualifier with Italy in a safe section of the San Siro - thanks to well-behaved Celtic supporters.  The Scots will sit above the home fans to avoid the shower of missiles which greeted Welsh supporters two years ago. SFA security boss Willie McDougall said the good conduct of Celtic fans earlier this season was a contributing factor. "That night, plus the record of the Tartan Army, meant they (Italy chiefs) were willing to accommodate," he said. "Our fans will be in the second and third tiers but not beneath the Italians, which caused so much trouble in that Wales match. "We will have 10,000 tickets which may extend to 13,000. They will be section two and three in the stadium behind the goals." McDougall told the Daily Record: "We had a meeting on Friday and the local police were there along with the national police and members of the Italian FA. "And they all said how impressed they were with the Celtic fans' behaviour during the Champions League game against AC Milan." 

ICC ponders one-day alterations  The rules of one-day cricket could be changed to allow the fielding side to take two wickets off a single ball.  A striking batsman could be dismissed lbw or caught and his partner run out. The International Cricket Council is also considering an idea to modify the 15-over period of fielding restrictions normally set for an innings start. Instead, the batting side would choose three different slots of five overs when only two fielders would be permitted to cover the boundaries. Sunil Gavaskar heads the ICC committee which has recommended the proposal in a bid to inject interest into the one-day game which the former India captain says has become "predictable". "We've looked at a double play situation," he explained in an interview with the Melbourne Age. "If a batsman's been given out lbw and the ball ricochets off to gully and the fielder picks it up and throws at the non-striker's end, so you have two dismissals off one ball. "Same if the ball's gone up in the air." The ICC is discussing the proposals at a meeting in Melbourne. 

GB quartet get cross country call  Four British athletes have been pre-selected to compete at the World Cross Country Championships in March after impressive starts to the season.  Hayley Yelling, Jo Pavey, Karl Keska and Adam Hickey will represent Team GB at the event in France. Yelling clinched the women's European cross country title last month and Pavey followed up with bronze. Keska helped the men's team to overall third place while Hickey finished in 10th place on his junior debut. "Winning the European cross country title meant so much to me," said Yelling. "And being pre-selected for the Worlds means that I can focus on preparing in the best way possible." The 32-year-old will race alongside Olympic 5,000m finalist Pavey in the women's 8km race on 19 March. Keska, who has made a successful return from a long-term injury lay-off, contests the men's 12km race on 20 March, while 16-year-old Hickey goes in the junior men's 8km on the same day. The rest of the team will be named after the trials at Wollaton Park in Nottingham, which take place on 5 March. 

Henry tipped for Fifa award  Fifa president Sepp Blatter hopes Arsenal's Thierry Henry will be named World Player of the Year on Monday.  Henry is on the Fifa shortlist with Barcelona's Ronaldinho and newly-crowned European Footballer of the Year, AC Milan's Andriy Shevchenko. Blatter said: "Henry, for me, is the personality on the field. He is the man who can run and organise the game." The winner of the accolade will be named at a glittering ceremony at Zurich's Opera house. The three shortlisted candidates for the women's award are Mia Hamm of the United States, Germany's Birgit Prinz and Brazilian youngster Marta.  Hamm, who recently retired - is looking to regain the women's award, which she lost last year to striker Prinz. Fifa has changed the panel of voters for this year's awards. Male and female captains of every national team will be able to vote, as well as their coaches and Fipro - the global organisation for professional players. 

Dawson set for new Wasps contract  European champions Wasps are set to offer Matt Dawson a new deal.  The 31-year-old World Cup winning scrum-half has impressed since joining the London side from Northampton this summer on a one-year contract. Wasps coach Warren Gatland told the Daily Mirror: "We have not yet offered Matt a new contract but we will be doing so. "I'm very happy with his contribution and I think he's good enough to play for another couple of years." Dawson played a vital part in England's World Cup win last year but has fallen out of favour with new coach Andy Robinson after missing a training session in September. However he hopes the new deal will help him regain his England place.  "Rugby is still my priority and there's still a burning desire within me to play the best rugby I possibly can," he said. "I know within myself, if I was given the chance I could play for England again. "I know I'm fit enough, I'm strong enough, I'm skilful enough." 

Unclear future for striker Baros  Liverpool forward Milan Baros is uncertain whether he remains part of boss Rafa Benitez's plans after being dropped for the Carling Cup final.  Baros, who is Liverpool's leading scorer this season, denied reports of a row with Benitez but claims he is mystified at being left on the bench. He told Czech newspaper Daily Sport: "I don't know why I didn't play on Sunday. I didn't argue with anybody. "I was disappointed but I am not thinking of leaving right now." The Czech international came on as a substitute after 74 minutes but could not prevent his side losing 3-2 to Chelsea after extra-time.  Baros denied suggestions he wanted to leave the Millennium Stadium before the match upon learning of his omission from the starting line-up. But his admission that he "guessed something like this was going to happen on Saturday", will do little to quell claims of a falling-out with Benitez. And although Baros insisted thoughts of quitting Anfield are "not in my mind right now", he admitted "everything is possible". 

Rochus shocks Coria in Auckland  Top seed Guillermo Coria went out of the Heineken Open in Auckland on Thursday with a surprise loss to Olivier Rochus of Belgium.  Coria lost the semi-final 6-4 6-4 to Rochus, who goes on to face Czech Jan Hernych, a 6-4 7-5 winner over Jose Acasuso of Argentina. Fifth seed Fernando Gonzalez eased past American Robby Ginepri 6-3 6-4. The Chilean will meet sixth seed Juan Ignacio Chela next after the Argentine beat Potito Starace 6-1 7-6 (7-5). Rochus made the semi-finals at the Australian hardcourt championships in Adelaide last week and is naturally delighted with his form. "It's been two unbelievable weeks for me," he said. "Today I knew I had nothing to lose. If I beat him great, if I lost, I would be losing to a top-10 player." Coria conceded that Rochus "played just too good," and added: "When you give your best out there you can't be too sad." 

Rush future at Chester uncertain  Ian Rush's future as Chester manager is uncertain after he and assistant Mark Aizlewood refused a severance package.  Chester have won only two of their last 10 League games but Chairman Steve Vaughan claims he cannot afford to sack the 43-year-old Liverpool legend. Vaughan said: "I offered a financial settlement so they could resign with dignity but an obvious action is to dismiss them. "I haven't because of the finances, so technically they're still employees." Vaughan claimed that Aizlewood had "verbally agreed" to the offer. But the Chester chairman added: "After they discussed the offer with their solicitor, who also acts as their agent, they decided to withdraw the verbal agreement, which was disappointing." Rush was appointed at the end of August following the departure of former Liverpool team-mate Mark Wright, who guided Chester to the Conference title last season. Chester were bottom of League Two when Rush took over but the former Liverpool striker enjoyed an impressive start to managerial life, taking the club into the third round of the FA cup and winning the manager-of-the-month award for October. Chester's downturn in form culminated in a 5-0 defeat at Shrewsbury that leaves them hovering just above the League Two relegation zone. 

Teenager Tait picked for England  Newcastle's teenage centre Mathew Tait has been named as a centre in England's team to face Wales in the Six Nations opener in Cardiff on Saturday.  The 18-year-old will play alongside Falcons' team-mate Jamie Noon in England's midfield. Scrum-half Matt Dawson is also recalled, despite been left out of the initial squad after a row over clashing TV and training commitments. Bath lock Danny Grewcock will also start, pending a possible citing. England coach Andy Robinson has also awarded Gloucester flanker Andy Hazell his first Six Nations start. In another change to the side that lost to Australia in November, Leicester lock Ben Kay replaces Bath second row Steve Borthwick. Robinson was already without Jonny Wilkinson, Mike Tindall, Stuart Abbott, Richard Hill and Will Greenwood, while Mike Catt had been left out of England's squad.  J Robinson (Sale Sharks, capt); M Cueto (Sale Sharks), M Tait (Newcastle), J Noon (Newcastle), J Lewsey (Wasps); C Hodgson (Sale Sharks), M Dawson (Wasps); G Rowntree (Leicester), S Thompson (Northampton), J White (Leicester), D Grewcock (Bath), B Kay (Leicester), L Moody (Leicester), A Hazell (Gloucester), J Worsley (Wasps). Replacements: A Titterrell (Sale Sharks), P Vickery (Gloucester), S Borthwick (Bath), J Forrester (Gloucester), H Ellis (Leicester), O Barkley (Bath), B Cohen (Northampton). 

Cup holders Man Utd visit Everton  Holders Manchester United and Premiership leaders Chelsea both face difficult away ties against Premiership opposition in the FA Cup fifth round.  United were drawn against Everton, while Chelsea face a trip to Newcastle. Brentford and Hartlepool - the only sides left from outside the top two divisions - will replay for the right to travel to Southampton. Burnley's reward for a place in the last 16 was a home tie against Lancashire rivals Blackburn. The tie between Manchester United and Everton could see the return of teenage striker Wayne Rooney to his former club for the first time since his acrimonious £27m move.  Nottingham Forest boss Gary Megson could face a trip back to old club West Brom if they come through their fourth-round replay against Tottenham. Arsenal were handed a potential home tie against fellow Londoners West Ham, providing the Hammers come through their replay against Sheffield United. Charlton will play Leicester and Bolton await the winners of the Derby-Fulham replay.  : Bolton v Derby or Fulham  West Bromwich Albion or Tottenham v Nottingham Forest  Everton v Manchester United  Charlton Athletic v Leicester City  Burnley v Blackburn  Southampton v Brentford or Hartlepool  Newcastle v Chelsea  Arsenal v West Ham or Sheffield United  Ties to be played on 19/20 February. 

More Africans for tsunami game  Three more African stars have agreed to play in Fifa's Football for Hope match, organised to raise money for the victims of the Asian tsunami.  Nigerian youngster Obafemi Martins and the Cameroon pair of Raymond Kalla and Rigobert Song have added their names to the six Africans who had already confirmed their participation in Tuesday's game in Barcelona. The Ivory Coast's Didier Drogba and Cameroon's Samuel Eto'o Fils will both be playing in the game rather than attending the Caf's Footballer of the Year award ceremony in South Africa. Both players are on the short list for Caf's 2004 Footballer of the Year award along with Nigeria's Jay-Jay Okocha. As well as Drogba and Eto'o, who is the reigning African Footballer of the Year, Cameroon goalkeeper Carlos Idriss Kameni, Tunisia's Rahdi Jaidi and veteran defenders Samuel Kuffour of Ghana and South Africa's Lucas Radebe will all be playing. Africa is represented among the officials for the game with Jason Damoo of the Seychelles named as one of the assistant referees for the game. However one African star who will miss the clash is Ghana's Michael Essien, whose French club Lyon refused to release him and two other players. There are also several players with African roots set to play in the match with French stars Zinedine Zidane and Patrick Vieira and Belgium's Vincent Kompany among those confirmed by Fifa. The two captains for the game will be Brazil's World Footballer of the Year, Ronaldinho and Ukraine's European Footballer of the Year, Andriy Shevchenko. 

Lewis-Francis shakes off injury  Sprinter Mark Lewis-Francis is determined to get his indoor campaign back on track after a hamstring problem affected his season opener on Saturday.  The Olympic relay gold medallist pulled out of the 60m final with bad cramp at the Birmingham Games. "I hope to be fully fit for the European Indoor Trials at the end of next week," said Lewis-Francis. "I'm back jogging and with more treatment I will be able to resume full training in the next couple of days." The 22-year-old goes head-to-head with relay team-mate Jason Gardener for a place in Great Britain's European Championships squad at the trials in Sheffield.  Then Lewis-Francis is set for a re-match with American Maurice Greene, who he edged out in the Olympic 4x100m final, at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February. And the Birchfield Harrier is confident he can replicate his form on the boards. "I'm really looking forward to competing against Jason and Maurice," added Lewis-Francis. "My winter training has gone very well and I want to improve my 60m personal best in the next few weeks." 

Tendulkar eyes Test return  Star batsman Sachin Tendulkar is hopeful he will be fit for India's home series against Pakistan next month.  The 31-year-old is poised to make his return from a long-term elbow injury on Tuesday in a domestic four-day match. "I'm here to prepare myself in a particular way," said Tendulkar, who has not played competitively since the Bangladesh tour in December. "I have to see how I go in the match. Nobody knows what's going to happen but right now I feel fully fit." Tendulkar will captain West Zone against South Zone in the Duleep Trophy in Hyderabad. India paceman Irfan Pathan, who missed several domestic games this month due to a side strain, is also set to make his comeback in the same game. Tendulkar's injury problems has been attributed mainly to wear and tear caused by non-stop cricket since he emerged on the international scene in 1989 as a 16-year-old. Pakistan arrive in Delhi on 28 February for their first tour to India in six years, which includes three Tests and six one-day games. 

Hansen 'delays return until 2006'  British triple jumper Ashia Hansen has ruled out a comeback this year after a setback in her recovery from a bad knee injury, according to reports.  Hansen, the Commonwealth and European champion, has been sidelined since the European Cup in Poland in June 2004. It was hoped she would be able to return this summer, but the wound from the injury has been very slow to heal. Her coach Aston Moore told the Times: "We're not looking at any sooner than 2006, not as a triple jumper." Moore said Hansen may be able to return to sprinting and long jumping sooner, but there is no short-term prospect of her being involved again in her specialist event. "There was a problem with the wound healing and it set back her rehabilitation by about two months, but that has been solved and we can push ahead now," he said. "The aim is for her to get fit as an athlete - then we will start looking at sprinting and the long jump as an introduction back to the competitive arena." Moore said he is confident Hansen can make it back to top-level competition, though it is unclear if that will be in time for the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne next March, when she will be 34. "It's been a frustrating time for her, but it has not fazed her determination," he added. 

Injured Roddick quits in Memphis  Andy Roddick has pulled out of his semi-final at the RMK Championships in Memphis after spraining his left ankle.  The American top seed was was supposed to face Dane Kenneth Carlsen, who now advances to the final against eighth seed Max Mirnyi of Belarus. He came through his semi-final against German second seed Tommy Haas 7-5 6-3. Roddick, the 2003 US Open champion, was hurt during his quarter-final win on Friday and had intensive treatment on his ankle to no avail. He attempted to loosen up his foot by jogging on Saturday, then tried to hit a couple of balls. "The first really kind of significant move I made I just knew that it wasn't going to happen for me," Roddick said. He decided to pass on a chance to win his second tour title in two weeks in part because he wants to be healthy for the US team's Davis Cup match against Croatia in a fortnight. "The repercussions of this injury wouldn't just affect me. It would affect my team-mates and playing for my country as well," Roddick said. 

Bosvelt optimistic over new deal  Manchester City's Paul Bosvelt will find out "within a month" whether he is to be offered a new one-year deal.  The 34-year-old Dutch midfielder is out of contract in the summer and, although his age may count against him, he feels he can play on for another season. "I told the club I would like to stay for one more year. They promised me an answer within the next month so I am waiting to see," he said. "The main concern is my age but I think I have proved I am fit enough. Bosvelt joined City from Feyenoord in 2003 and at first he struggled to adapt to life in England. But his professionalism and dedication impressed manager Kevin Keegan. "He realised the pace of the game was faster than anything he was used to but he drove himself back into the team. He is an unsung hero," said Keegan. 

Lennon brands Rangers favourites  Celtic's Neil Lennon admits Rangers could be considered "slight favourites" for the Old Firm CIS Cup clash, but insists his side can still win.  Lennon concedes Rangers are in good form at the moment, but they have failed to beat Celtic in their last seven meetings. "Rangers are on the up and have been on a good run in recent weeks," he said. "But it's a game we believe we're capable of winning if we play our best," he told the Evening Times. "All the boys are looking forward to it because they are brilliant games to be involved in. "Without playing at the top of our game, we have still been winning matches. "At the minute, we are at the top of the league and still in with a chance of staying in Europe, so I don't think it is the crisis people have been trying to make out. "Of course, it is a concern when you are losing goals, because we have been notorious for being a team that is hard to beat and keeping clean sheets, but hopefully we are over that wee run. "Considering we lost Henrik Larsson at the end of last season, we have still been scoring a lot of goals, which is pleasing." 

Isinbayeva heads for Birmingham  Olympic pole vault champion Yelena Isinbayeva has confirmed she will take part in the 2005 Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February.  "Everybody knows how much I enjoy competing in Britain. I always seem to break records there," said Isinbayeva. "As Olympic champion there will be more attention on me this year, but hopefully I can respond with another record in Birmingham." Kelly Holmes and Carolina Kluft are among other Athens winners competing. The organisers are hoping that Isinbayeva's main rival, fellow Russian Svetlana Feofanova, will also take part in the event. The pair had a thrilling battle in Athens which ended with Isinbayeva finally jumping a world record of 4.91m to claim the gold medal. Isinbayeva, 22, has set 10 world records in the pole vault, three of which have come on British soil. 

Benitez issues warning to Gerrard  Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has ordered captain Steven Gerrard not to play down their Champions League ambitions and be more positive.  Gerrard told the BBC Liverpool were unlikely to win the trophy this year. Benitez responded: "I spoke to Steven and said to him that in future it's better to think we can win the Champions League. Why not?" He said: "We need winners here and everyone thinking only of winning. I always want to win."  Benitez added: "When we lose I only think of solutions. If you only think about winning the next game, you don't know what the draw will be. "If we can win the next game, maybe we will draw a side that isn't so strong, or a side with injuries or suspensions." Benitez is hoping to win his first trophy since arriving at Liverpool from Valencia when they play Chelsea in the Carling Cup on Sunday in Cardiff. 

Jones doping probe begins  An investigation into doping claims against Marion Jones has been opened by the International Olympic Committee.  IOC president Jacques Rogge has set up a disciplinary body to look into claims by Victor Conte, of Balco Laboratories. Jones, who says she is innocent, could lose all her Olympic medals after Conte said he gave her performance-enhancing drugs before the Sydney Olympics. But Rogge said it was too early to speculate about that, hoping only that "the truth will emerge".  Any decision on the medals would be taken by the IOC's executive board and could hinge on interpretation of a rule stating that Olympic decisions can only be challenged within three years of the Games closing. The Sydney Olympics ended more than four years ago, but World Anti-Doping Agency chief Dick Pound said the rule may not apply because the allegations are only coming out now. "We will find a way to deal with that," Pound said. In a statement released through her attorney Rich Nichols, Jones repeated her innocence and vowed she would be cleared. "Victor Conte's allegations are not true and the truth will be revealed for the world to see as the legal process moves forward," she said. "Conte is someone who is under federal indictment and has a record of issuing contradictory, inconsistent statements." 

Hingis to make unexpected return  Martina Hingis makes her return to competitve tennis after two years out of the game at the Volvo Women's Open in Pattaya, Thailand, on Tuesday.  She faces German Marlene Weingartner in the first round. "As a competitor and athlete, I always want to win. I hope my body will hold up," said Hingis. "You miss being out there in a Grand Slam final and not competing. It's a big difference between playing and commenting for TV. I miss it a lot." The former world number one was 22 when she retired after having surgery on both ankles, and her last WTA event was in Filderstadt, Germany, in October 2002, when she lost to Elena Dementieva. Only last year she insisted that a comeback was unlikely, but speaking in Thaliand Hingis admitted: "I said that because I didn't know what would happen with my body." Her appearance will also benefit charities in the region and the Swiss star will donate her prize money. 

WRU proposes season overhaul  The Welsh Rugby Union wants to restructure the Northern Hemisphere season into four separate blocks.  The season would start with the Celtic League in October, followed by the Heineken Cup in February and March, and the Six Nations moved to April and May. After a nine week break, the WRU then proposes a two-month period of away and home international matches. WRU chairman David Pickering said the structure would end problems of player availability for club and country. He added: "We feel sure that spectator interest would respond to the impetus of high intensity rugby being played continuously rather than the fragmented timetable currently in operation. "Equally, we suspect that the sponsors would prefer the sustained interest in a continuous tournament and hopefully, the broadcasters would also enjoy increased exposure." Moving the Six Nations from its traditional February beginning should also ensure better weather conditions and "stimulate greater interest in the games and generally provide increased skills and competition and attract greater spectator viewing", Pickering argued. The plan will be put before the International Rugby Board next month, where four other plans drawn up by independent consultants for a global integrated season will also be discussed. Pickering added: "It's very early days and there are a number of caveats associated with it - not least the revenue from the broadcasters, which is extremely important. "We've got a good plan and one which should be judged on its merits." 

England claim Dubai Sevens glory  England beat Fiji 26-21 in a dramatic final in Dubai to win the first IRB Sevens event of the season.  Having beaten Australia and South Africa to reach the final, England fell behind to an early try against Fiji. They then took charge with scores from Pat Sanderson, Kai Horstman, Mathew Tait and Rob Thirlby, but Fiji rallied to force a tense finale. Scotland were beaten 33-15 by Samoa in the plate semi-final and Ireland lost 17-5 to Tunisia in the shield final. Mike Friday's England side matched their opponents for pace, power and skill in the final and led 19-7 at half-time. But Neumi Nanuku and Marika Vakacegu touched down for Fiji, only for a needless trip by Tuidriva Bainivalu on Geoff Appleford to allow England to run down the clock. "To be honest, England have wanted to win in Dubai for a very long time now, and the people here have wanted us to win for just as long," said Friday.  "We didn't want to put pressure on ourselves but we are thankful we have achieved that and brought through some young talent at the same time that can hopefully play for the England '15s' in a few years." Portugal confirmed their impressive progress in Sevens rugby by recording a sudden-death win over France in the bowl final. Samoa won the plate title by edging out Argentina 21-19.  

Jayasuriya set to join Somerset  Somerset are expected to announce later on Thursday that Sri Lankan batsman Sanath Jayasuriya will join the county for the start of the 2005 season.  Chief executive Peter Anderson told BBC Sport that the club would release a statement on the matter at 1600 GMT. Jayasuriya will probably fill the place of Graeme Smith on a temporary basis as the South African is due to arrive in late May to captain the team. Jayasuriya, 35, had rejected an offer to play for the Scottish Saltires. Jayasuriya has played in 94 Tests, averaging 43.45 with the bat and taking 89 wickets with his left-arm spin. He has also played in more one-day internationals than all but three players in world cricket with 334 appearances. But the attack-minded left-hander has never played county cricket before. It is shaping up to be a golden summer for Sri Lankans in English domestic cricket, with Upul Chandana (Gloucestershire), Chaminda Vaas (Worcestershire) and Muttiah Muralitharan (Lancashire) all contracted. Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene are also reported to be looking for opportunities. 

Bashar delighted after series win  Bangladesh skipper Habibul Bashar was thrilled after the win in the decider against Zimbabwe gave his country their first-ever one-day series triumph.  "Yes, our morale was down after losing the first two matches," he said, after the eight-wicket victory in Dhaka. "But we knew we could come back and win the series. "We worked hard and tried to rectify our mistakes and I am happy to have won the match chasing a target, which was not easy." Taibu's counterpart, Tatenda Taibu, was left to reflect on what might have been after losing the early initiative in the five-match series.  "It was so near and yet so far for us," said the Zimbabwe captain. "I think we did not play spin well enough and lost wickets at crucial stages. They played well, but I think our boys did a good job. We worked hard and fought it out." Bangladesh have won only nine of their 106 matches since making their one-day debut in 1986 and clinched their maiden Test series against Zimbabwe earlier in January. 

Radcliffe eyes hard line on drugs  Paula Radcliffe has called for all athletes found guilty on drugs charges to be treated as criminals.  The marathon world record holder believes more needs to be done to rid athletics of the "suspicions and innuendoes" which greet any fast time. "Doping in sport is a criminal offence and should be treated as such," the 30-year-old told the Sunday Times. "It not only cheats other athletes but also cheats promoters, sponsors and the general public."  Radcliffe's comments come at a time when several American sports stars are under suspicion of steroid use. "Being caught in possession of a performance-enhancing drugs should carry a penalty," she added.  "The current system does not detect many of the substances being abused by athletes. "This means that often athletes do not know if they are competing on a level playing field, if their hard work and sacrifice is being trumped by an easier scientific route. "Often, when an athlete puts in a good performance, they are subjected to suspicions and innuendoes instead of praise. "Having been on the receiving end of accusations like this I can testify as to how much this hurts." 

Jayasuriya set to join Somerset  Somerset are expected to announce later on Thursday that Sri Lankan batsman Sanath Jayasuriya will join the county for the start of the 2005 season.  Chief executive Peter Anderson told BBC Sport that the club would release a statement on the matter at 1600 GMT. Jayasuriya will probably fill the place of Graeme Smith on a temporary basis as the South African is due to arrive in late May to captain the team. Jayasuriya, 35, had rejected an offer to play for the Scottish Saltires. Jayasuriya has played in 94 Tests, averaging 43.45 with the bat and taking 89 wickets with his left-arm spin. He has also played in more one-day internationals than all but three players in world cricket with 334 appearances. But the attack-minded left-hander has never played county cricket before. It is shaping up to be a golden summer for Sri Lankans in English domestic cricket, with Upul Chandana (Gloucestershire), Chaminda Vaas (Worcestershire) and Muttiah Muralitharan (Lancashire) all contracted. Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene are also reported to be looking for opportunities. 

Ajax refuse to rule out Jol move  Ajax have refused to reveal whether Tottenham's boss Martin Jol is on the Dutch champions' shortlist to become the Amsterdam club's new coach.  Jol, who has coached in his native Holland, has guided Spurs to the Premiership's top eight. An Ajax spokesman told BBC Sport: "The coach must fit our profile - a coach who understands the Dutch league and offensive and distinctive football. "We need to find a solution soon, so someone is in place for next season." Ronald Koeman quit as Ajax boss last week after their exit from the Uefa Cup. Jol has been linked with the vacant post at Ajax, with reports saying he has fallen out with Spurs' sporting director Frank Arnesen. But in a statement on Spurs' website, Jol said: "I'm happy here, I'm not in discussion with anyone else, I don't want to go elsewhere." Ajax have enlisted the help of Dutch legend Johann Cruyff, currently a consultant at Barcelona, to help find a new head coach. Cruyff has admitted he has been impressed by the way former RFC Waalwijk coach Jol has turned round Spurs' fortunes since taking over from Jacques Santini. Tonny Bruins Slot and Ruud Krol are currently in charge of Ajax, who are third in the Dutch league. 

Kenya cricket boss fights sacking  Kenya Cricket Association president Sharad Ghai has obtained a court order preventing his dismissal by the government over financial allegations.  Ghai was accused of failing to account for sponsorship money, resolve player disputes or hold regular elections. Sports Minister Ochillo Ayacko has appointed a caretaker committee, headed by Issac Kalua, to serve for three months before new elections take place. But the order prevents Kalua moving in for 21 days, pending a judicial review. Ghai insisted his committee had always submitted receipts and audited accounts of its expenditure.  He has refused to hand over the office keys to Kalua and was angered when the interim committee broke into the building under police supervision. "What we are saying is that this should have been done ina dignified manner," he protested. "There was supposed to be a date and time set for office handover, and this is what is expected to happen in any civil society." It is not the first time the government has made accusations of financial mismanagement against the board. In 2002 they disbanded the committee, but a court reinstated the officials. 

Captains lining up for Aid match  Ireland's Brian O'Driscoll is one of four Six Nations captains included in the Northern Hemisphere squad for the IRB Rugby Aid match on 5 March.  France's Fabien Pelous, Gordon Bullock of Scotland and Italy's Marco Bortolami are also in the Northern party. Sir Clive Woodward will coach the Northern team against Rod Macqueen's Southern Hemisphere team in a tsumani fund-raising match at Twickenham. "I'm looking forward to working with such outstanding players," he said. It will be a chance for Woodward to assess some of his options before unveiling his British and Irish Lions touring party, who will visit New Zealand in the summer. "The game promises to be a great spectacle," he said. "Both teams are fielding top-quality sides and I really hope that the rugby public and community get behind this game to raise as much money as possible for such a deserving cause."  L Dallaglio (England), B Cohen (England), A Rougerie (France), D Traille (France), F Pelous (France), R Ibanez (France), P de Villiers (France), B O'Driscoll (Ireland, capt), P O'Connell (Ireland), D Humphreys (Ireland), C Paterson (Scotland), C Cusiter (Scotland), G Bullock (Scotland), S Taylor (Scotland), A Lo Cicero (Italy), M Bortolami (Italy), S Parisse (Italy), D Peel (Wales), C Sweeney (Wales), J Thomas (Wales), R Williams (Wales), J Yapp (Wales).  C Latham (Australia); R Caucaunibuca (Fiji), J Fourie (S Africa) T Umaga (New Zealand), S Bobo (Fiji); A Mehrtens (New Zealand) G Gregan (Australia, capt); T Kefu (Australia), P Waugh (Australia), S Burger (S Africa); I Rawaqa (Fiji), V Matfield (S Africa); K Visagie (S Africa), J Smit (S Africa), C Hoeft (New Zealand). Reserves: B Reihana (New Zealand), B Lima (Samoa), E Taukafa (Tonga), O Palepoi (Samoa), S Sititi (Samoa), M Rauluni (Fiji), A N Other. 

Dementieva prevails in Hong Kong  Elena Dementieva swept aside defending champion Venus Williams 6-3 6-2 to win Hong Kong's Champions Challenge event.  The Russian, ranked sixth in the world, broke Williams three times in the first set, while losing her service once. Williams saved three championship points before losing the match at the Victoria Park tennis court. "It's really a great start to the year no matter whether it's an exhibition or not. I was trying to play my best and I really did it," said Dementieva. "This will give me all the confidence before the Grand Slams. I was trying so hard to win this tournament." Williams, 24, was disappointed with her display. "She played some nice points, but it was mostly me committing unforced errors - four or five errors in each game," she said. Before the match, organizers auctioned off rackets belonging to the players, raising £115,000 for victims of the tsunami disaster. 

Wales want rugby league training  Wales could follow England's lead by training with a rugby league club.  England have already had a three-day session with Leeds Rhinos, and Wales are thought to be interested in a similar clinic with rivals St Helens. Saints coach Ian Millward has given his approval, but if it does happen it is unlikely to be this season. Saints have a week's training in Portugal next week, while Wales will play England in the opening Six Nations match on 5 February. "We have had an approach from Wales," confirmed a Saints spokesman. "It's in the very early stages but it is something we are giving serious consideration to." St Helens, who are proud of their Welsh connections, are obvious partners for the Welsh Rugby Union, despite a spat in 2001 over the collapse of Kieron Cunningham's proposed £500,000 move to union side Swansea. A similar cross-code deal that took Iestyn Harris from Leeds to Cardiff in 2001 did go through, before the talented stand-off returned to the 13-man code with Bradford Bulls. Kel Coslett, who famously moved from Wales to league in the 1960s, is currently Saints' football manager, while Clive Griffiths - Wales' defensive coach - is a former St Helens player and is thought to be the man behind the latest initiative. Scott Gibbs, the former Wales and Lions centre, played for St Helens from 1994-96 and was in the Challenge Cup-winning team at Wembley in 1996. 

Mourinho says race is almost over  Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has said that his high-flying team are now virtually assured of winning their first Premiership title.  Mourinho's side have lost just once in the Premiership, boast a 10-point lead over Arsenal and are a further point clear of Manchester United. "There is so much ground for the teams chasing us to make up," Mourinho told Chelsea TV. "If it goes from 10 to 12 or 13 points then maybe it will be over." Mourinho continued: "Could you ever imagine that with all the new players and a new coach we could be 10 clear at this stage? "Of course 10 points is 10 points, it is better than seven and it is better than five.  "But if one day we lose a game or two points and the gap goes from 10 to seven or eight, we are ready to accept it as natural and keep going, controlling the distance." Mourinho took over as Chelsea manager last summer after guiding Porto to Champions League glory as well as the Portuguese league title. Chelsea have conceded just eight goals in 23 Premiership games this season and have won their last six games in the league. The gap between Cheslea and rivals Arsenal or Manchester United means the Blues would have to drop at least 10 points from their remaining 15 games if they are to be caught. 

Officials respond in court row  Australian tennis' top official has defended the Australian Open courts at Melbourne Park after criticism of the playing surface by Lleyton Hewitt.  Hewitt said he had had a "gutful" of trying to persuade them to make the surface faster but Tennis Australia's Geoff Pollard rejected his comments. "We did ask for it to be made faster than last year and, to my knowledge, it is faster," he said. "We spent a substantial amount of money on modifications to make it faster." Hewitt, who has not got past the fourth round at Melbourne in seven attempts, had earlier said the surface was not worthy of such a prestigious tournament. But he said he would play on whatever surface he had to in order to have a chance of winning. The tournament starts on 17 January, and Pollard said the surface had been speeded up since last year's tournament following complaints by several Australian players. But he refused to accept that the Melbourne surface may have had a bearing on Hewitt's performances over the years. "Lleyton's proving how versatile he is on all surfaces," he said. "It is faster than last year and that'll be faster than the one Lleyton beat Roger Federer on in the Davis Cup in 2003." 

Harbhajan action given all-clear  Indian spinner Harbhajan Singh's bowling action has been cleared under new regulations introduced by the International Cricket Council.  A bowler's action is now deemed legal providing his arm straightens by no more than 15 degrees. An ICC statement said Harbhajan's orthodox off-break and doosra now fell "within the tolerance threshold". He was reported to the ICC by match referee Chris Broad after a Test in Bangladesh last December. As a result, he underwent tests supervised by biomechanics expert Bruce Elliott of the University of Western Australia last month, who reported back to a panel of experts set up by the Indian board. They passed his findings on to the ICC, who will now circulated them to all members of the elite panel of umpires and match referees. Harbhajan, whose action first came under scrutiny in 1998, has taken 189 Test wickets and claimed 117 victims in one-day internationals. Elliott said he was confident he had bowled with a similar intensity to that of Test matches during the camera test. "We can make a comparison to the video from the match when he was reported - things such as ball speed, arm rotation, position of the body and technique," he explained. "We had two arbiters in Daryl Foster and Harbhajan himself to give a ranking to each delivery so that we were confident they were quality deliveries." 

Federer wins title in Rotterdam  World number one Roger Federer won the World Indoor Tournament in Rotterdam with a battling 5-7 7-5 7-6 victory over Ivan Ljubicic on Sunday.  The Swiss star was made to work hard by Ljubicic, who also lost to Federer in last month's final in Doha. The Croatian broke his serve for the first time in the tournament to take the first set, but Federer hit back and took the decider on a tie-break. He has now won his last 15 finals after triumphing in two hours and 42 minutes. Federer said: "Today it was very close and it could have gone either way but I'm happy I fought through because this might be a crucial victory for me for the rest of the season. "I knew I had to fight hard today and that's exactly what happened. "I played one shocking game to be broken. He took advantage of it and broke me to love but I still felt I gave that game away. "That haunted me all the way, right until match point. I fought well today so I'm happy." 

Federer forced to dig deep  Top seed Roger Federer had to save two match points before squeezing past Juan Carlos Ferrero at the Dubai Open.  The world number one took two hours 15 minutes to earn his 4-6 6-3 7-6 victory, saving match points at 6-4 in the tiebreak before claiming it 8-6. Federer made a number of unforced errors early on, allowing Ferrero to take advantage and claim the first set. But the Swiss star hit back to reach the quarter-finals, where he will face seventh seed Russian Mikhail Youzhny. The Russian beat Germany's Rainer Schuettler 7-5 6-4. Federer was not unduly worried despite being taken to three sets for the third consecutive match. The world number one was forced to go the distance against Ivan Ljubicic in the Rotterdam final and against Ivo Minar in the first round in Dubai. "I definitely had a slow start again and to come back every time is quite an effort," he said. "I haven't been playing well, but I've been coming through. I'm winning the crucial points and that shows I'm on top of my game when I have to be." 

Kirwan demands Italy consistency  Italy coach John Kirwan has challenged his side to match the performance they produced in pushing Ireland close when they meet Wales on Saturday.  Despite losing 28-17 in Sunday's Six Nations encounter, the Italians confirmed their continuing improvement. "Our goal is to match every side we face and against Ireland we showed we could do that," said Kirwan. "But the most important thing is that we build on that performance when we play Wales on Saturday." Italy's half-backs had a mixed afternoon, with recalled scrum-half Alessandro Troncon impressing but fly-half Luciano Orquera having an off-day with the boot. Kirwan said: "I was very happy with Troncon. He had an incredible game - he was very good in attack and defence. "Orquera's kicking was off but he showed great courage in defence. "He also followed the game plan. We have to give him confidence because he has the capability to do well." 

QPR keeper Day heads for Preston  Queens Park Rangers keeper Chris Day is set to join Preston on a month's loan.  Day has been displaced by the arrival of Simon Royce, who is in his second month on loan from Charlton. QPR have also signed Italian Generoso Rossi. R's manager Ian Holloway said: "Some might say it's a risk as he can't be recalled during that month and Simon Royce can now be recalled by Charlton. "But I have other irons in the fire. I have had a 'yes' from a couple of others should I need them."  Day's Rangers contract expires in the summer. Meanwhile, Holloway is hoping to complete the signing of Middlesbrough defender Andy Davies - either permanently or again on loan - before Saturday's match at Ipswich. Davies impressed during a recent loan spell at Loftus Road. Holloway is also chasing Bristol City midfielder Tom Doherty. 

Nadal marches on in Mexico  Rafael Nadal continued his run of fine form to beat Guillermo Canas and reach the Mexican Open semis in Acapulco.  Eighth seed Nadal, who picked up his second ATP title when he beat Alberto Martin in last week's Brazil Open, saw off the Argentine third seed 7-5 6-3. He now meets Argentine wild card Mariano Puerta, who followed up his win over top seed Carlos Moya by overcoming Spain's Felix Mantilla, 6-4 3-6 7-6. Czech fifth seed Czech Jiri Novak was eliminated 7-5 6-1 by Agustin Calleri. The unseeded Argentine, who won the tournament two years ago, now plays Spain's Albert Montanes. Montanes advanced to his first semi-final of the year with a 4-6 6-3 6-4 triumph over sixth-seeded Italian Filippo Volandri. Argentina's Agustin Calleri beat fourth seed Jiri Novak 7-5 6-1 in a battle of former champions at the Mexican Open. Calleri won his only ATP title in Acapulco two years ago while Novak won the singles and doubles titles in 1998. Calleri will face Albert Montanes in the semi-finals after the Spaniard ousted sixth seed Filippo Volandri of Italy 4-6 6-3 6-4. Argentine wild card Mariano Puerta continued his improbable run, outlasting Felix Mantilla 6-4 3-6 7-6. 

McLeish ready for criticism  Rangers manager Alex McLeish accepts he is going to be criticised after their disastrous Uefa Cup exit at the hands of Auxerre at Ibrox on Wednesday.  McLeish told BBC Radio Five Live: "We were in pole position to get through to the next stage but we blew it, we absolutely blew it. "There's no use burying your head in the sand, we know we are going to get a lot of criticism. "We have to take it as we have done in the past and we must now bounce back." McLeish admitted his team's defending was amateurish after watching them lose 2-0 to Guy Roux's French side.  "I'm very disappointed because we didn't give ourselves a chance, losing the first goal from our own corner. It was amateur," he added. "The early goal in the second half gave us a mountain to climb and we never created the same kind of chances as we did in the first half. "It's difficult to take positives from the game. We've let the fans down." 

Taylor poised for Scotland return  Simon Taylor has been named in the Scotland squad for Saturday's Six Nations clash with Italy.  The 25-year-old number eight made a scoring return for Edinburgh at the weekend - his first game in a year for the capital side. Taylor suffered knee ligament damage playing against Ireland in Dublin in the 2004 Six Nations championship. "Simon is one of Scotland's truly world class players so it is a huge bonus," said team-mate Chris Paterson. "He brings a whole new dimension to us, especially in defence and his ability to slow the opposition ball down could be key against Italy if he is involved." Taylor has turned out for English side Saracens in recent weeks during a short-term loan to improve his fitness.  Edinburgh were not in action during the first two weeks of this season's Six Nations. So Taylor played the last 20 minutes of Saracens' win over Northampton and then 40 minutes in a friendly against South African Super 12 side The Cats. Scotland coach Matt Williams is due to name his match-day 22 on Thursday. Both Scotland and Italy have lost their opening two Six Nations games and, just like last season's encounter which Italy won, this weekend's game could turn out to be a battle to avoid the wooden spoon.  - M Blair (Edinburgh), A Craig (Glasgow), C Cusiter (Borders), S Danielli (Borders), M Di Rollo (Edinburgh), A Henderson (Glasgow), B Hinshelwood (Worcester), R Lamont (Glasgow), S Lamont (Glasgow), D Parks (Glasgow), C Paterson (Edinburgh), G Ross (Leeds), H Southwell (Edinburgh), S Webster (Edinburgh)  - R Beattie (Northampton), G Bulloch (Glasgow, capt), B Douglas (Borders), J Dunbar (Leeds), I Fullarton (Saracens), S Grimes (Newcastle), N Hines (Edinburgh), A Hogg (Edinburgh), G Kerr (Leeds), N Lloyd (Saracens), S Murray (Edinburgh), J Petrie (Glasgow), R Russell (London Irish), C Smith (Edinburgh), T Smith (Northampton), S Taylor (Edinburgh), J White (Sale). 

Ref stands by Scotland decisions  The referee from Saturday's France v Scotland Six Nations match has defended the officials' handling of the game after criticism by Matt Williams.  The Scotland coach said his side were robbed of victory by poor decisions made by the officials. But Nigel Williams said: "I'm satisfied the game was handled correctly." Meanwhile, Matt Williams will not be punished by the Scottish Rugby Union for allegedly using bad language in his comments about the officials. He denies having done so. Nonetheless, he was furious about several decisions that he felt denied his side a famous victory. But Nigel Williams told the Scottish Daily Mail: "I spoke to Matt Williams at the post-match dinner. "He made no mention of the disallowed try or any other refereeing decisions whatsoever. "If Matt has issues with the match officials, then he is very welcome to phone me and discuss them. "Ultimately there is a match assessor at every international game to give an impartial and objective view of the performance of the officials. "That is the beginning and end of it." 

FA charges Liverpool and Millwall  Liverpool and Millwall have been charged by the Football Association over crowd trouble during their Carling Cup match on 26 October.  Millwall, who lost the match 3-0, have also been charged over alleged racist behaviour by their supporters. During the match at Millwall's new Den Stadium, seats were ripped up and four people were ejected from the ground. A disabled fan was injured at the perimeter of the pitch and riot police were needed to control the situation. Liverpool fans claimed the trouble was sparked by chants about the Hillsborough disaster, where 96 supporters were crushed to death in April 1989. But Lions chairman Theo Paphitis has denied the claims. He has said CCTV footage showed the catalyst for the trouble was a Liverpool fan attacking a Millwall fan in the west stand. However, Millwall have been charged with two breaches of FA rules. They have been charged with failing to ensure that fans refrained from racist and/or abusive behaviour and for failing to prevent spectators throwing missiles onto the pitch. Liverpool have been charged with one breach for failing to prevent their fans conducting themselves in threatening and/or violent and/or provocative behaviour. Both clubs have until 23 December to respond. 

Streak ends Zim dispute  Former captain Heath Streak has signed a contract to play for Zimbabwe after ending his 10-month dispute with the country's cricketing authorities.  Streak was sacked last April after criticising Zimbabwe Cricket's selection policies. "I just need to finalise some aspects of my contract with Warwickshire so that it ties in with my international commitments," the 30-year-old said. "Otherwise I am ready to play for Zimbabwe when selected." Streak, who could now join up with the Zimbabwe squad in South Africa, added: "I am putting my weight fully behind captain Tatenda Taibu and the rest of the lads." Warwickshire, meanwhile, expect Streak to play for them this summer as planned. Club spokesman Keith Cook told BBC Sport: "We had an e-mail from Heath overnight via his agent in which he states that he wants to co-ordinate his international commitments with Warwickshire and incorporate our views into his thinking." In theory there would be no major conflict of interests this summer as Zimbabwe's tour to South Africa ends in mid-March and they are not in action again until September, when they play host to New Zealand. But Streak's situation will be discussed by the Warwickshire committee at a meeting on Monday. Following Streak's sacking by Zimbabwe, 14 players resigned in protest but Gavin Ewing, Barney Rogers and Andy Blignaut have also returned to the fold and more could follow suit. ZC say they are in negotiations with the remaining 'rebels', but it is believed that Grant Flower (Essex) and Ray Price (Worcestershire) are unlikely to sign deals after committing themselves to playing county cricket in England next season. 

Celtic unhappy over Bulgaria date  Martin O'Neill hopes to block Stilian Petrov's call-up by Bulgaria during Celtic's busy festive programme.  The Celtic manager does not view the friendly against Valenciana - a region of Spain - on 28 December as important. "I can't say I was overly pleased at the fixture being played just after Christmas," said O'Neill. "We will have to speak with the Bulgarian FA. It's their prerogative for them to arrange a fixture and our prerogative how we handle it." Bulgaria's game comes between Celtic's Boxing Day meeting with Hearts and their 2 January fixture against Livingston. O'Neill believes the extra game will not help a midfielder whose season has already been affected by injury. "They have organised a game at a rather awkward time," he added. "When we were out playing Barcelona, I spoke with the Bulgarian manager, Hristo Stoichkov, and he mentioned this game to me. "We pay his wages, we are the ones that if an awkward fixture is going to be played at some stage or another it should be to our benefit, rather than anyone else. "I have said this before, but Bulgaria are the one nation who seem to organise a lot of friendly games." 

Moya sidesteps Davis Cup in 2005  Carlos Moya has chosen not to help Spain try and defend the Davis Cup crown they won in Seville in November.  Moya led Spain to victory over the USA but wants to focus on the Grand Slams in 2005, although insists he will return to the Davis Cup in 2006. "After two years of total commitment with the Davis Cup team... I have taken this difficult decision to concentrate on the regular circuit," said Moya. "They know that after this season they can count on me again if they so wish." The 1998 French Open champion is determined to make an impact in the major events after spending much of the last eight years in the top 10. "At the age of 29 I have set some tough goals in my professional career and this season I need to fix my objectives on specific dates and tournaments," he said. "Since the Davis Cup in Seville I have been working on my condition as well as technical and medical aspects of my game which will allow me to come into the big events of the year in top form."  Moya began 2005 with victory in the Chennai Open on Sunday. 

Bortolami predicts dour contest  Italy skipper Marco Bortolami believes Saturday's Six Nations contest against Scotland will be a scrappy encounter.  With both sides looking for their first win of the championship, the third-round game at Murrayfield has been billed as a wooden-spoon decider. And Bortolami feels the Edinburgh contest could end up being a bruising battle of the packs. "It will not be a pretty game because both teams are desperate to gain their first win," said the lock forward. Italy have only recorded three wins since they joined the Six Nations in 2000, but two of those have come against Scotland. This year, Italy opened up with a stubborn display against Ireland but ended up losing 28-17.  However, they were thoroughly outplayed by an impressive Welsh side in Rome last time out. Now the Italians travel to Edinburgh hoping to claim their first away win in the Six Nations. "Scotland played extremely well against France in Paris but not so well when Ireland came to Edinburgh," said Bortolami. "We are still very disappointed with our last game against Wales in Rome and we are thoroughly determined to right the wrongs. "As a nation, our quest is to be respected as a team worthy of a place in this tournament and we can only do this by winning games." 

Collins calls for Chambers return  World 100m champion Kim Collins says suspended sprinter Dwain Chambers should be allowed to compete in the Olympics again.  Chambers was banned for two years after testing positive for the anabolic steroid THG and his suspension runs out in November this year. But Collins says the British Olympic Association should reverse the decision to ban him from the Olympics for life. "It was too harsh," Collins told Radio Five Live. "They should reconsider." Chambers has been in America learning American football but has not ruled out a return to the track. Collins added: "He is a great guy and I have never had any problems with him. We are friends. "I would like to see Dwain come back and compete again. He is a good person. "Even though he made a mistake he understands what he did and should be given a chance once more." 

Pearce keen on succeeding Keegan  Joint assistant boss Stuart Pearce has admitted he would like to succeed Kevin Keegan as manager at Manchester City.  Keegan has decided to step down as City manager when his contract comes to an end in 18 months. "You don't have to be Einstein to realise there will be a manager's job available at a really good club," Pearce told BBC GMR. "I will certainly be applying for it, although whether the board deem me good enough to take it, I do not know." Pearce initially joined City as a player under Keegan in 2001 before becoming part of the coaching staff. He was promoted to joint assistant-manager following the departure of Arthur Cox last summer.  The former England defender had a year as player-boss with Nottingham Forest eight seasons ago but has made no secret of his desire to have another crack at the job. He was linked with the manager's job at Oldham and Keegan has stated he would not get in the way if Pearce wanted to leave. But it now appears Pearce is keen to wait for his chance at City. He added: "By that time, I will have been here for five years so at least they will have had a good look at me and they are aware of my feelings with regard to being Kevin's successor. "Obviously, the issue is out of my hands but it is a fantastic job for anybody - I just hope it will be me." 

Benitez deflects blame from Dudek  Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has refused to point the finger of blame at goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek after Portsmouth claimed a draw at Anfield.  Dudek fumbled a cross before Lomana LuaLua headed home an injury-time equaliser, levelling after Steven Gerrard put Liverpool ahead. Benitez said: "It was difficult for Jerzy. It was an unlucky moment. "He was expecting a cross from Matthew Taylor and it ended up like a shot, so I don't blame him for what happened." Benitez admitted it was a costly loss of two points by Liverpool, who followed up their derby defeat against Everton with a disappointing draw. He said: "We had many opportunities but didn't score and, in the end, a 1-0 lead was not enough. "If you don't have any chances you have to think of other things, but when you are creating so many chances as we are there is nothing you can say to the players. It was a pity. "We lost two points, but we have one more point in the table. Now we have another difficult game against Newcastle and we have to recover quickly from that." 

Holmes is hit by hamstring injury  Kelly Holmes has been forced out of this weekend's European Indoor Athletics Championships after picking up a hamstring injury during training.  The double Olympic champion said: "I am very disappointed that I have been forced to withdraw. "I can hardly walk at the moment and I won't be able to do any running for two or three weeks although I'll be keeping fit as best I can." Holmes will have now have intensive treatment in South Africa.  The 34-year-old made a cautious start to the season but looked back to her best when she stormed to the 1,000m title at the Birmingham Grand Prix 10 days ago. After that race and more progress in training, Holmes revealed she had decided to compete at the European Indoors before her plans were wrecked last weekend. "On Saturday night I pulled my hamstring running the last bend on my final 200m of the night," said Holmes. "I was going really, really well when I felt a massive spasm in my left leg and my hamstring blew. "I saw the doctor here and he has said it is not serious but it's frustrating missing Madrid when I knew I was in great shape." Holmes has now been advised by her coach Margot Jennings not to rush back into training and it is unlikely she will compete again until the summer. Helen Clitheroe now goes to Madrid as the only British competitor in the women's 1500m while there will be no representative in the 800m. 

Greek sprinters 'won't run again'  The careers of sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are over, says the boss of the organisation that cleared them of missing a drugs test.  Greek Athletics Federation boss Vassilli Sevastis told the country's parliament: "I believe Kenteris and Thanou won't race again. "The damage to their commercial interests has been done," he added. Athletics bosses are considering its reponse to the ruling, while the athletes face a trial in a Greek court. Greek prosecutors have brought spearate charges of missing the drugs test and faking a motorcycle accident. Speaking to the Greek Parliament on Tuesday, Sevastis said that the evidence sent by the International Olympic Committee and athletics governing body the IAAF was not strong enough for the Greek Association to find the sprinters guilty.  "We were given the task of getting the snake out if its hole but we were not given any evidence to do it with," he said. "So how can you as a Greek with your hand on your heart try the athletes?" he added. The athletes are technically free to compete while the IAAF reviews its response to the decision to clear Kenteris and Thanou. But Sevastis said: "It does not matter if they are found guilty at the Court of Arbitration for Sport and the current decision is reversed." 

FA decides not to punish Mourinho  The Football Association will take no action against Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho following his sending-off in Sunday's Carling Cup final.  Mourinho, who was sent from the touchline for appearing to taunt Liverpool fans, has been "reminded of his responsibilities to the game". But the FA confirmed: "There will be no further action taken in this matter." Mourinho claimed his 'silence' gesture was aimed at the media, although they were on the other side of the ground. The former Porto coach was forced to watch the climax of his side's 3-2 victory over Liverpool on television after being ushered away from the touchline by fourth official Phil Crossley. His gesture came after Chelsea's equaliser on 79 minutes courtesy of a Steven Gerrard own goal. Mourinho still faces an FA investigation into his allegation that Manchester United's players 'cheated' during January's Carling Cup semi-final at Stamford Bridge.  And Uefa could also launch disciplinary action following Mourinho's failure to attend a compulsory post-match press conference after Chelsea's Champions League defeat at Barcelona last week. In addition, some time this month, Chelsea must also answer a charge of failing to control their players during the Premiership win at Blackburn in February. And a charge of failing to control their supporters following a Carling Cup meeting with West Ham earlier this season is still to be heard. The Premier League is also continuing investigations into allegations Chelsea officials tapped up Arsenal defender Ashley Cole in January. 

Henman & Murray claim LTA awards  Tim Henman was named player of the year for 2004 by the Lawn Tennis Association at Wimbledon on Monday.  The Briton was recognised for the best year of his career, which saw him reach the semis at the French and US Opens. Scotland's Andrew Murray was named young player of the year after winning the US Open juniors, as well as a Futures event in Italy. And world number one Peter Norfolk won disabled player of the year after claiming his third US Open crown.  Great Britain's under 14 boys won the team of the year prize for their victory at the World Junior Tennis event in August. Henman will start his 2005 campaign at the Kooyong event on 12 January in a field that includes Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi. And the Briton is optimistic of surpassing his best effort of a fourth-round place at the Australian Open, which begins the following week. "I've often felt that the conditions suit my game in Melbourne so I'd love to be able to start next year by doing well at the Australian Open," Henman told his website. "That's why I've changed my schedule slightly by committing to play in the Kooyong Classic. "I'll be able to acclimatise while practising before the event and then will be guaranteed matches against the best players in the world. "I think that will give me the best possible chance of doing well at the Australian Open." 

Tomlinson stays focused on Europe  Long jumper Chris Tomlinson has cut his schedule to ensure he is fully fit for the European Indoor Championships.  The 23-year-old has a minor injury and has pulled out of international meets in Madrid and Lievin this week as well as warm-weather training in Lanzarote. "It's nothing serious," said his coach Peter Stanley. "He strained a muscle in his abdomen at the Birmingham meeting but is back in full training." Sprinter Mark Lewis-Francis will also not compete in Madrid on Thursday. The Birmingham athlete, who clocked a season's best of 6.61 seconds over 60m in Birmingham last week, also prefers to focus his attentions on next month's European Indoor Championships.  Lewis-Francis, who was runner-up to British team-mate Jason Gardener at the Europeans three years ago, will continue his training at home. Meanwhile, Tomlinson is still searching for this first major medal and this season he has shown he could be in the sort of form to grab a spot on the podium in Madrid. The Middlesbrough athlete jumped a season's best of 7.95m at the Birmingham Grand Prix - good enough to push world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow into second. 

Tanzania gets Fifa backing  Fifa is to give financial support to Tanzania in order to revive football in the country after years of mismanagement.  This follows a meeting between officials of the Tanzania Football Federation (TFF) and the president of Fifa, Sepp Blatter last week in Switzerland. The TFF President Leodegar Tenga said on Wednesday that Fifa has promised them an immediate donation of office equipment worth US$10,000 and US$17,705 cash. Tenga said that the money would be used to settle part of the debt owed to Caf. African football's governing body has threatened to disqualify the Taifa Stars from its competitions. Tanzania have failed to pay fines imposed on them following their withdrawal from the African Cup of Nations qualifier against Sudan in 2003. Tenga said that Fifa has also offered to organize courses for Tanzanian referees and support development programmes. A full-time Chief Executive Officer (CEO) will be employed in order to draw up a development programme which will also be funded by Fifa. "We will employ a CEO in the near future who will implement our short and long term development programmes", Tenga said. "Fifa has promised to help us in all our programmes which are geared to revive the football in Tanzania." The Tenga-led TFF leadership came into office last year ending the long reign of Muhidin Ndolanga. 

Agassi into second round in Dubai  Fourth seed Andre Agassi beat Radek Stepanek 6-4 7-5 in the first round of the Dubai Tennis Championships.  The 34-year-old, moving well despite a hip problem which needed an injection, served well and won 80% of his first serve and 76% of his second. But the American could not break the Czech Stepanek until the final game of the first set and in the second he had to fight back after losing his serve. Agassi, making his first appearance at the event, received a standing ovation. He said: "I have had a few great days here in Dubai. I have waited a long time to be here, and I must apologise for being so late." Other first-day winners included Spaniards Juan Carlos Ferrero and Tommy Robredo, Dominik Hrbaty of Slovakia and Germany's Rainer Schuettler. Ferrero, the 2001 champion, overcame Florian Mayer of Germany 6-3 6-4 while Robredo had to fight hard to beat Olivier Rochus of Belgium 7-6 (7-5) 7-6 (7-5). Hrbaty crushed Omar Bahrouzyan of the United Arab Emirates 6-0 6-4 while Schuettler beat Younes Al Aynaoui of Morocco 6-0 6-1. Ferrero could now meet top seed Roger Federer - who faces qualifier Ivo Minar on Tuesday - in the second round. British rivals Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski will face each other in the opening round on Tuesday. 

England's defensive crisis grows  England's defensive worries have deepened following the withdrawal of Tottenham's Ledley King from the squad to face Holland.  Chelsea's John Terry and Wayne Bridge are also out, leaving coach Sven-Goran Eriksson with a real problem for Wednesday's match at Villa Park. Injured Rio Ferdinand and Sol Campbell were both left out of the squad, and Matthew Upson has already pulled out. Wes Brown and Jamie Carragher are likely to be the makeshift partnership. Terry, the captain of Chelsea as they push for the Premiership title, would have been a certain starter in the absence of Campbell and Ferdinand. But now he has pulled out with a bruised knee and is likely to be replaced by Carragher, alongside Brown.  Manchester United's Brown last played for England in the defeat by Australia at Upton Park in February 2003. The 25-year-old was only called into the squad on Sunday night as cover following the enforced withdrawal of Upson, who has a hamstring injury. And Brown now looks certain to add to his tally of seven senior appearances for England. King was forced to pull out after his groin injury was assessed by England's medical staff. Eriksson has still not decided whether to call up any further back-up, having already summoned Phil Neville after Bridge pulled out with a foot injury. 

Woodward eyes Brennan for Lions  Toulouse's former Irish international Trevor Brennan could be one of Clive Woodward's many surprises when the 44-man Lions tour squad is announced.  Brennan, who last played for Ireland against Samoa in 2001, is held in high esteem by the former England coach. "If you speak to the players there's a huge amount of respect for the guy," Woodward told the Sunday Independent. "Players tend to know better than most coaches. It's not just the Irish, but Welsh and English players as well." The 31-year-old former Dublin milkman moved from Leinster to Toulouse in 2003 and immediately picked up a Heineken Cup winner's medal in an all-French final against Perpignan at Lansdowne Road.  Brennan is highly-rated at Stade Toulousain, where he is used anywhere in the back five. Woodward is ensuring his preparations for the trip to New Zealand in June are as thorough as possible. "I've spoken to quite a few players, and they probably don't know what they're actually saying when we're having these conversations," he told the newspaper. "But you talk about certain players and they'll say if they think they're up to scratch or that they don't want them in their team. "I haven't heard a bad word said against Trevor, which, considering he has a pretty tough guy reputation, is, to me, impressive." 

Sydney to host north v south game  Sydney will host a northern versus southern hemisphere charity match in June or July, the Australian Rugby Union (ARU) said on Wednesday.  The match will include players from the Lions tour of New Zealand. "The Australian Rugby Union has thrown its support behind a proposed North-South match to raise funds for the tsunami appeals," the ARU said. The date is yet to be decided but the most likely venue is Sydney's Olympic Stadium. ARU chief executive Gary Flowers said the world cricket charity match in Melbourne earlier this month had inspired the ARU. "We still need to discuss the options with the IRB (International Rugby Board), the Lions and our SANZAR (South Africa, New Zealand and Australia Rugby) partners, but June or July is seen as a better option than March to ensure we have the cream of southern hemisphere rugby available," he said. Wallabies captain George Gregan said the charity match was a "great initiative". Tri-Nations rivals Australia, New Zealand and South Africa would feature prominently in a southern team against a northern side comprised of Six Nations teams France, Ireland, England, Wales, Italy and Scotland. Coach Clive Woodward's Lions squad will tour New Zealand in June and July, including Tests on 25 June, 2 and 9 July.  Almost 80,000 fans packed into Melbourne Cricket Ground on 10 January for a charity match that raised £5.9m for victims of the Asian tsunami. 

Bortolami predicts dour contest  Italy skipper Marco Bortolami believes Saturday's Six Nations contest against Scotland will be a scrappy encounter.  With both sides looking for their first win of the championship, the third-round game at Murrayfield has been billed as a wooden-spoon decider. And Bortolami feels the Edinburgh contest could end up being a bruising battle of the packs. "It will not be a pretty game because both teams are desperate to gain their first win," said the lock forward. Italy have only recorded three wins since they joined the Six Nations in 2000, but two of those have come against Scotland. This year, Italy opened up with a stubborn display against Ireland but ended up losing 28-17.  However, they were thoroughly outplayed by an impressive Welsh side in Rome last time out. Now the Italians travel to Edinburgh hoping to claim their first away win in the Six Nations. "Scotland played extremely well against France in Paris but not so well when Ireland came to Edinburgh," said Bortolami. "We are still very disappointed with our last game against Wales in Rome and we are thoroughly determined to right the wrongs. "As a nation, our quest is to be respected as a team worthy of a place in this tournament and we can only do this by winning games." 

Double injury blow strikes Wales  Wales centre Sonny Parker and number eight Ryan Jones will miss Saturday's game with Italy because of injury.  Parker has not recovered from a trapped nerve in his neck that kept him out of the win over England, and Tom Shanklin is expected to continue at centre. Jones damaged his collar bone after coming on as a replacement against England and joins flanker Colin Charvis (foot injury) on the sidelines. Meanwhile, Mike Ruddock may make Gavin Henson his first-choice kicker in Rome. The centre was Wales' hero in the 11-9 Six Nations win over England, landing a huge late penalty from wide out to clinch the game. First-choice kicker Stephen Jones handed over responsibility because of Henson's greater kicking range, but the fly-half had already missed a number of shots at goal. "Our first aim was to get Gavin settled into the team, but giving him the kicks is something we'll talk about in selection this week," Wales coach Mike Ruddock told BBC Sport Wales. Henson himself says he is relishing all the media hype that has been heaped on him since last Saturday's game. "I thrive on it and think it makes me perform better," he said. "I'm glad it's a short week before the Italy game. There was so much build-up before England, but we fly out to Rome on Thursday and we'll be back playing again." 

Legendary Dutch boss Michels dies  Legendary Dutch coach Rinus Michels, the man credited with developing "total football", has died aged 77.  Referred to in the Netherlands as "the General", Michels led the Dutch at the 1974 World Cup - when they reached the final only to lose 2-1 to Germany. However, he guided his side to the 1988 European Championship title with a 2-0 win over the Soviet Union in the final. Michels played for Ajax and coached the side to four national titles between 1965-71 and a European Cup in 1971. His 1970s Dutch team was built around Johan Cruyff and Johan Neeskens and introduced the concept of 'total football' to the world. The strategy was to foster team coherence and individual imagination - with all players possessing the skills to play in any part of the pitch. Cruyff was the on-field organiser of a team whose players rotated in and out of defence at will and was encouraged to play creative attacking football. Michels had recently undergone heart surgery and Dutch football federation (KNVB) spokesman Frank Huizinga said: "He was one of the best coaches we had in history." The no-nonsense coach also enjoyed spells at Barcelona, who he took to a Spanish title in 1974, FC Cologne and Bayer Leverkusen. Michels, named coach of the century by world football's governing body Fifa in 1999, also won five caps for the Netherlands as a bruising centre forward. Dutch sports minister Clemence Ross-van Dorp said: "He was the man who, together with Cruyff, made Dutch football big." 

Gatlin and Hayes win Owen awards  American Olympic stars Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes have been named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards, USA Track & Field's (USATF) top honour.  Gatlin, 22, won the closest 100m final in Games history with a career-best time of 9.85 seconds in Athens. He also won bronze in the 200m and silver in the 4x100m relay, becoming the only male athlete to win three athletics medals this summer. Hayes, 27, set an Olympic record of 12.37 in winning the 100m hurdles. Established in 1981, the Jesse Owens Awards - named in honour of the late Olympic great who won four gold medals at the 1936 Berlin Games - are presented annually to the outstanding US male and female track and field performers.  The 2004 awards will be presented on 3 December in conjunction with the USATF annual meeting in Portland. "It is such a great honour to win the Jesse Owens Award," said Gatlin. "It is one of the biggest honours in track and field and it is a great end to a great year. " Hayes said: "Knowing some of the great people who have won this award before me and knowing what it represents, I feel a sense accomplishment and pride which lets me know that everything that I have worked for is and always will be worth it." 

Tigers wary of Farrell 'gamble'  Leicester say they will not be rushed into making a bid for Andy Farrell should the Great Britain rugby league captain decide to switch codes.  "We and anybody else involved in the process are still some way away from going to the next stage," Tigers boss John Wells told BBC Radio Leicester. "At the moment, there are still a lot of unknowns about Andy Farrell, not least his medical situation. "Whoever does take him on is going to take a big, big gamble." Farrell, who has had persistent knee problems, had an operation on his knee five weeks ago and is expected to be out for another three months. Leicester and Saracens are believed to head the list of rugby union clubs interested in signing Farrell if he decides to move to the 15-man game.  If he does move across to union, Wells believes he would better off playing in the backs, at least initially. "I'm sure he could make the step between league and union by being involved in the centre," said Wells. "I think England would prefer him to progress to a position in the back row where they can make use of some of his rugby league skills within the forwards. "The jury is out on whether he can cross that divide. "At this club, the balance will have to be struck between the cost of that gamble and the option of bringing in a ready-made replacement." 

Souness delight at Euro progress  Boss Graeme Souness felt Newcastle were never really in danger of going out of the Uefa Cup against Heerenveen.  An early own goal followed by an Alan Shearer strike earned them a 2-1 win and a place in the Uefa Cup last 16. "Obviously with winning in the first leg it gave us a great advantage," he said after the 4-2 aggregate victory. "We got our goals early and in the minds of some players the job was done but then they got a goal and perhaps made us a bit nervous." Shearer's goal moved him within 12 of Jackie Milburn's club scoring record of 200 for the Magpies. But Souness said he did not think beating the record would have any bearing on his decision to retire at the end of the season. "I think if he got it this year he would want to stay next year anyway," he added.  "He struck the ball very well - he always has done - and I think it was the power and pace that beat the goalkeeper." Souness also paid tribute to Laurent Robert, who was at the heart of much of United's attacking play. "In the first half he did really well and did everything you want from a wide player. More of the same in future please," he said. 

English clubs make Euro history  All four of England's Champions League representatives have reached the knockout stages for the first time.  Arsenal and Chelsea are seeded as group winners, while runners-up Manchester United and Liverpool are not. Rules stipulate that teams from the same country or group will be kept apart in the draw on 17 December. The favourites are Chelsea and Barcelona, and Real Madrid, the two Milan sides, Juventus and Bayern Munich are among the 16 still in the hat.  Steven Gerrard's last-gasp wonder-strike secured qualification for  against Olympiakos on Wednesday evening.  AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen, Internazionale, Juventus, Lyon.  who had already qualified, fielded a second-string side and went down 3-0 to Fenerbahce.  AC Milan, Bayer Leverkusen, Internazionale, Juventus, Monaco.  On Tuesday,  finished top of their group with a 5-1 win over the Rosenborg after drawing four of their first five matches.  Barcelona, Bayern Munich, Porto, Real Madrid, Werder Bremen  , who had already qualified lost 2-1 to Porto as Jose Mourinho made an unhappy return to his former club.  Barcelona, Bayern Munich, PSV Eindhoven, Real Madrid, Werder Bremen. 

Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager  Glenn Hoddle will be unveiled as the new Wolves manager on Tuesday.  The club have confirmed that the former England coach will be unveiled as the successor to Dave Jones at a news conference at Molineux at 1100 GMT. Hoddle has been linked with a return to former club Southampton but Wolves have won the race for his services. He has been out of the game since being sacked at Spurs in September 2003 and worked alongside Wolves caretaker boss Stuart Gray at Southampton. Hoddle began his managerial career as player-boss with Swindon before moving on to Chelsea and then taking up the England job.  His spell in charge of the national side came to an end after the 1998 World Cup when he made controversial remarks about the disabled in a newspaper interview. The 47-year-old later returned to management with Southampton, where he again succeeded Jones - as he has now done at Wolves. He engineered an upturn in Saints' fortunes before being lured to White Hart Lane by Tottenham - the club where he made his name as a player. That relationship turned sour at the start of the last campaign and he left the London club early last season. Since then he has applied unsuccessfully for the post of France manager and had also been linked with a return to Southampton. Wolves are currently 17th in the Championship and have a home game against Millwall on Tuesday. 

Celtic make late bid for Bellamy  Newcastle striker Craig Bellamy is discussing a possible short-term loan move to Celtic, BBC Sport understands.  The Welsh striker has rejected a move to Birmingham after falling out with Magpies manager Graeme Souness. The Toon boss vowed Bellamy would not play again after a bitter row over his exclusion for the game against Arsenal. Celtic are in no position to match Birmingham's £6m offer but a stay until the end of the season could suit Bellamy while he considers his future. According to Bellamy's agent, the player dismissed a permanent move to Birmingham. And it is unlikely that Newcastle would allow the player to go on loan to another Premiership club.  Bellamy was fined two weeks' wages after a live TV interview in which he accused Souness of lying, following a very public dispute about what position Bellamy should play in the side. Souness said: "He can't play for me ever again. He has been a disruptive influence from the minute I walked into this football club. "He can't go on television and accuse me of telling lies." Chairman Freddy Shepherd described Bellamy's behaviour as "totally unacceptable and totally unprofessional". 

Republic to face China and Italy  The Republic of Ireland have arranged friendlies against China and Italy which will take place at Lansdowne Road in March and August.  Brian Kerr's side will face the 54th ranked Chinese on 29 March - just three days after the World Cup qualifier against Israel in Tel Aviv. Italy will visit on 17 August in what will be a warm-up game ahead of the autumn World Cup qualifiers. In their last meeting, the Irish beat Italy in the 1994 World Cup Finals. However, that is the Republic's only victory in eight attempts against the Italians who have won all the other seven games. The 29 March game will be the second time the Republic have played China - the previous encounter back in June 1984 with the Irish winning 1-0 in Sapporo, Japan. Brian Kerr said: "China have made great progress over the last few years and will provide difficult opposition. "We all witnessed the performances of the Asian teams in the last World Cup, and China play a similar type of football. "As for Italy, they make a welcome return to Dublin and will be a massive attraction because they are one of the great traditional powers in the world. "The game will be ideal preparation for the three important World Cup qualifiers in the autumn." Ireland round off their World Cup campaign with games against France on 7 September, Cyprus on 8 October and Switzerland on 12 October. 

Sharapova overcomes tough Molik  Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova recovered from losing the opening set to win the final of the Qatar Open.  The second seed beat fourth-seeded Australian Alicia Molik 4-6 6-1 6-4 for her second title of the year. Molik, who had overcome top seed Amelie Mauresmo in Friday's semi-final, broke Sharapova in the third game of a first set she went on to win. But Sharapova recovered to build up a healthy 5-0 lead in the second set and she never looked back after that. Molik saw her game fall apart as Sharapova broke in the fifth game of the decider to lead 3-2. And although Molik stayed in touch, Sharapova held on to her serve and then finished off the match with an ace after saving a break point in the 10th game.  Sharapova said the key to her victory was her positive approach after losing the first set. "Alicia was dictating terms to me in the first set but in my mind I was always positive," said Sharapova. "In the first set I was not playing my own game, but in the second I decided to put some pace on the ball and put pressure on her serve and that worked." Sharapova said she will head to Los Angeles to be with her mother and have some rest after her recent hectic schedule. "I need some rest now and I am eager to see my mum and catch up with friends after all the travelling I've been doing." 

Charvis set to lose fitness bid  Flanker Colin Charvis is unlikely to play any part in Wales' final two games of the Six Nations.  Charvis has missed all three of Wales' victories with an ankle injury and his recovery has been slower than expected. "He will not figure in the Scotland game and is now thought unlikely to be ready for the final game," said Wales physio Mark Davies. Sonny Parker is continuing to struggle with a neck injury, but Hal Luscombe should be fit for the Murrayfield trip. Centre Parker has only a "slim chance" of being involved against the Scots on 13 March, so Luscombe's return to fitness after missing the France match with hamstring trouble is a timely boost.  Said Wales assistant coach Scott Johnson: "We're positive about Hal and hope he'll be raring to go. "He comes back into the mix again, adds to the depth and gives us other options. " Replacement hooker Robin McBryde remains a doubt after picking up knee ligament damage in Paris last Saturday. "We're getting that reviewed and we should know more by the end of the week how Robin's looking," added Johnson. "We're hopeful but it's too early to say at this stage." Steve Jones from the Dragons is likely to be drafted in if McBryde fails to recover. 

Wada will appeal against ruling  The World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) will appeal against the acquittal of Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou on doping charges, if the IAAF does not.  The pair were cleared of charges relating to missing dope tests by the Greek Athletics Federation last week. Wada chairman Dick Pound said: "I am convinced the IAAF will appeal against the decision, and we will support them. "But if they accept the federation's ruling we will go before the Court of Arbitration for Sport," he added. Kenteris's lawyer, Gregory Ioannidis, reacted angrily to Pound's comments. "Comments like these only help to embarrass the sporting governing bodies, create a hostage situation for the IAAF and strengthen our case further," he told BBC Sport. Kenteris, 31, and Thanou, 30, had been charged with avoiding drugs tests in Tel Aviv, Chicago and Athens and failing to notify anti-doping officials of their whereabouts before the Olympics. They withdrew from the Athens Games after missing a drugs test at the Olympic village on 12 August.  But an independent tribunal ruled that the duo had not been informed that they needed to attend a drugs test in Athens.  However, their former coach Christos Tzekos was banned for four years by the tribunal. Kenteris and Thanou still have to face trial on charges brought separately by Greek prosecutors of missing the drugs tests and faking a motorcycle accident to avoid testing at the Athens Games. 

Isinbayeva claims new world best  Pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva broke her own indoor world record by clearing 4.89 metres in Lievin on Saturday.  It was the Russian's 12th world record of her career and came just a few days after she cleared 4.88m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham. The Olympic champion went on to attempt 5.05m at the meeting on France but failed to clear that height. In the men's 60m, former Olympic 100m champion Maurice Greene could only finish second to Leonard Scott. It was Greene's second consecutive defeat at the hands of his fellow American, who also won in Birmingham last week. "I ran my race perfectly," said Scott, who won in 6.46secs, his best time indoors. "I am happy even if I know that Maurice is a long way from being at his peak at the start of the season." 

Navratilova hits out at critics  Martina Navratilova has defended her decision to prolong her tennis career at the age of 48.  Navratilova, who made a comeback after retiring in 1994, will play doubles and mixed doubles events in 2005. "Women's tennis is really strong," she said, dismissing suggestions that the fact she could still win reflected badly on the women's game. "All I can say is I'm that damn good. I'm sorry but I really have to blow my own horn here. I'm still that good." Navratilova has won three Grand Slam mixed doubles titles since she came out of retirement. And she was so encouraged by her form that she decided to resume playing singles, winning two of her seven matches. She was knocked out in the first round of the French Open but reached the second round at Wimbledon. Navratilova will partner Nathalie Dechy in the doubles event at the Uncle Toby's Hardcourts tournament on Australia's Gold Coast, which begins on Sunday. She will then link up with Daniela Hantuchova for the Australian Open doubles, and play in the mixed doubles with Leander Paes. "I might be playing some singles events this season, depending on the surface," she added. 

Edu describes tunnel fracas  Arsenal's Edu has lifted the lid on the scenes that followed Manchester United's win over the Gunners.  The Brazilian confirmed tempers had flared but could shed no light on reports that food was thrown at United boss Sir Alex Ferguson. "I saw people being pulled apart, people pushing, pointing and shouting," he told Uefa's official website. "The United players were trying to wind us up about the result but I didn't see any soup being thrown at anyone." However, Edu tried to play down the incidents, adding: "There was nothing that I haven't seen in Brazilian derbies. "Derby matches in Brazil are worse. I like to play in games like this with this intense rivalry." But Edu was highly critical of the ferocity of some of United's challenges during the game, particularly on Jose Antonio Reyes. "I think we were a lot fairer in the tackles than United," he said. "Reyes was being kicked all over the park - they were beating up the boy and Gary Neville was tackling in such a way that he should have been sent off." Following the game, the Football Association said it would look into events in the tunnel. It also charged Ruud van Nistelrooy with serious foul play while Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has been asked to explain comments he made about the referee. 

Mourinho sends out warning shot  Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes his team's Carling Cup win over Manchester United has shown they have the strength to win the Premiership.  "It was important for us, not because we got into a final, but also the way we played," he said. "The mentality and the strength we showed here was a message we sent. "It is still difficult, we still have to win 11 matches to be champions but we have left a message here that we are really strong." Chelsea gave their manager a win on his 42nd birthday but Mourinho was prepared for a possible loss at Old Trafford. But the Blues are still on course for a four-pronged trophy assault as they are leading the Premiership title race and are in the FA Cup and Champions League.  "We can win four, we can lose four, but it would be normal to win something. To win the four is very, very difficult but it is still possible. "There is a long way to do it but if you could give me the Premiership I would be very happy. "This is just the final though, we have not won the competition and we have to now face another great team in Liverpool." "I was ready to lose the game and leave Old Trafford with a smile just to pass a message of confidence. "But my team would never lose their confidence or mentality just because of a defeat here." 

Yeading face Newcastle in FA Cup  Premiership side Newcastle United face a trip to Ryman Premier League leaders Yeading in the FA Cup third round.  The game - arguably the highlight of the draw - is a potential money-spinner for non-League Yeading, who beat Slough in the second round. Conference side Exeter City, who knocked out Doncaster on Saturday, will travel to Old Trafford to meet holders Manchester United in January. Arsenal were drawn at home to Stoke and Chelsea will play host to Scunthorpe. The only other non-League side in the draw are Hinckley United, who held Brentford to a goalless draw on Sunday. They will meet League One leaders Luton if they win their replay against Martin Allen's team at Griffin Park.  A number of Premiership teams face difficult away games against Championship sides on the weekend of 8/9 January. Third-placed Everton visit Plymouth, Liverpool travel to Burnley, Crystal Palace go to Sunderland, Fulham face Carling Cup semi-finalists Watford, Bolton meet Ipswich, while Aston Villa were drawn against Sheffield United. Premiership strugglers Norwich, Blackburn, West Brom are away at West Ham, Cardiff and Preston North End respectively. Southampton visit Northampton, having already beaten the League Two side in the Carling Cup earlier this season. Middlesbrough were drawn away against either Swindon or Notts County, while Spurs entertain Brighton at White Hart Lane.  Arsenal v Stoke  Swindon/Notts Co v Middlesbrough  Man Utd v Exeter  Plymouth v Everton  Leicester v Blackpool  Derby v Wigan  Sunderland v Crystal Palace  Wolves v Millwall  Yeading v Newcastle  Hull v Colchester  Tottenham v Brighton  Reading v Stockport/Swansea  Birmingham v Leeds  Hartlepool v Boston  Milton Keynes Dons v Peterborough  Oldham v Man City  Chelsea v Scunthorpe  Cardiff v Blackburn  Charlton v Rochdale  West Ham v Norwich  Sheff Utd v Aston Villa  Preston v West Brom  Rotherham v Yeovil  Burnley v Liverpool  Bournemouth v Chester  Coventry v Crewe  Watford v Fulham  Ipswich v Bolton  Portsmouth v Gillingham  Northampton v Southampton  QPR v Nottm Forest  Luton v Hinckley/Brentford  Matches to be played on weekend of 8/9 January. 

Wenger rules out new keeper  Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he has no plans to sign a new goalkeeper during the January transfer window.  Wenger has brought in Manuel Almunia for the last three games for the out-of-form Jens Lehmann - but the Spaniard himself has been prone to mistakes. There have been suggestions that Wenger will swoop for a high-quality shot-stopper in the New Year. But he told the Evening Standard: "I don't feel it will be necessary to bring in a new goalkeeper in January." The Gunners manager refused to comment on the difficult start that 27-year-old Almunia has made to his career at Highbury. And he would not be drawn on whether Lehmann would return for the top-of-the table clash with Chelsea on Sunday.  Almunia was at fault for Rosenborg's goal in Arsenal's 5-1 Champions League win on Tuesday and had some hairy moments in last week's win over Birmingham. But Wenger said earlier this week that his indifferent form was down to pressure caused by being under scrutiny from the media. "The debate has gone on too long. Everyone has an opinion and I do not have to add to it," Wenger added. Arsenal have been linked with Middlesbrough keeper Mark Schwarzer, Fulham's Edwin van der Sar and Parma's Sebastien Frey. And Wenger has no immediate plans to recall former England Under-21 international Stuart Taylor from his loan spell at Leicester. 

Hearts of Oak 3-2 Cotonsport  Hearts of Oak set up an all Ghanaian Confederation Cup final with a 3-2 win over Cameroon's Cotonsport Garoua in Accra on Sunday.  The win for Hearts means they will play Asante Kotoko in the two-leg final, after the Kumasi team qualified from Group A on Saturday. In the other Group B game Cameroon's  beat  of South Africa 3-2 in Douala, neither side could have qualified for the final. Hearts of Oak started the game needing a win to qualify for the final while Cotonsport only needed to avoid defeat to go through. Louis Agyemang scored the first two goals for Hearts either side of half time before Ben Don Bortey scored the third. Hearts looked set for a comfortable win but Cotonsport staged a late fight back scoring twice late on. First of all Boukar Makaji scored in the 89th minute and then 3 minutes into injury time at the end of the game Andre Nzame III was on target. But it was too little too late for the Cameroonians and Hearts held on to win the game and a place in the final. The first leg of the final will be played in Accra on the weekend of 27-28 November and the second leg two weeks later on the 11 December in Kumasi. In the other Group B game Cameroon's Sable Batie took the lead in the 35th minute through Kemadjou before Santos equalised on the hour mark thanks to Thokozani Xaba . Bernard Ngom put Sable ahead just five minutes later and then Ernest Nfor settled the game on 68 minutes. Ruben Cloete scored the South African sides consolation with just three minutes left on the clock. 

England coach faces rap after row  England coach Andy Robinson is facing disciplinary action after criticising referee Jonathan Kaplan in his side's Six Nations defeat to Ireland.  The Rugby Football Union (RFU) will investigate Robinson after deciding not to lodge a complaint against Kaplan. Robinson may even have to apologise for his comments in order to avoid sanction from the International Rugby Board. Robinson had said he was "livid" about Kaplan's decisions on Saturday to disallow two England "tries." The England coach went on to claim that "only one side was refereed".  After reviewing tapes of the match, the RFU decided not to formally complain to the IRB over the standard of Kaplan's refereeing. Instead the RFU said in a statement they would, "set out any concerns the England team management may have in a confidential manner".  An IRB spokesman said on the matter: "We take all breaches of the code very seriously. "Should the RFU resolve the issue to our satisfaction, as happened last month when the Scotland coach Matt Williams apologised for remarks made, it would be the end of the matter."  Kaplan has vigorously defended his performance in England's 19-13 defeat at Landsdowne Road and admitted he was "very disappointed" with Robinson's remarks. And the South African has been appointed to take charge of Scotland's match against Wales on 13 March.  The RFU recently fined Northampton coach Budge Pountney £2,000 and imposed a six-week ban for his criticism of referee Steve Lander after a Premiership match. 

Collins to compete in Birmingham  World and Commonwealth 100m champion Kim Collins will compete in the 60m at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February.  The St Kitts and Nevis star joins British Olympic relay gold medallists Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis. Sydney Olympic 100m champion and world indoor record holder Maurice Greene and Athens Olympic 100m silver medallist Francis Obikwelu will also take part. Collins ran in Birmingham at the 2003 World Indoor Championships. "I'm looking forward to competing against such a strong field," he said. "I got a great reception form the crowd at the NIA when I won my 60m world indoor silver medal in 2003 and it will be really exciting to return to this venue." The world champion says he's in good shape but he isn't underestimating the home competition. "Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis are Olympic gold medallists now and I'm sure they'll be aiming to win in front of their home supporters. "I'm looking forward to competing against Britain's best sprinters and I'm sure the 60 metres will be one of the most exciting races of the evening." Collins was sixth in the Olympic final in Athens but is hoping for a better result at the World Championships in Finland this summer. "This will be a big year for me and I plan to defend my 100m world title in Helsinki in August. Before then I want to perform well over 60m indoors and start my year in winning form." 

Call for Kenteris to be cleared  Kostas Kenteris' lawyer has called for the doping charges against the Greek sprinter to be dropped.  Gregory Ioannidis has submitted new evidence to a Greek athletics tribunal which he claims proves the former Olympic champion has no case to answer. Kenteris and compatriot Katerina Thanou were given provisional suspensions in December for failing to take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics. The Greek tribunal is expected to give its verdict early next week. Kenteris and Thanou withdrew from the Athens Olympics last August after missing drugs tests on the eve of the opening ceremony. They were also alleged to have avoided tests in Tel Aviv and Chicago before the Games.  But Ioannidis said: "Everything overwhelmingly shows that the charges should be dropped." Ioannidis also said he has presented evidence that will throw a different light on the events leading up to the pair's sensational withdrawal from the Athens Games. The lawyer added that he has proof the authorities "knew" Kenteris was in Germany at the time he was alleged to have missed a test in Chicago. Nick Davies, spokesman for athletics' ruling body the IAAF, which handed out the provisional bans, said: "We can't comment because we were not present at the hearing and don't know what was said behind closed doors. "We expect a verdict from the Greek Athletics Federation before the end of February and will obviously be making a statement then." Kenteris won 200m gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, while Thanou won silver in the 100m. 

Keane defiant over Vieira bust-up  Manchester United captain Roy Keane has insisted that he does not regret his tunnel bust-up with Arsenal's Patrick Vieira - and would do the same again.  Keane clashed with midfield rival Vieira before United's 4-2 win in the fiery match at Highbury on 1 February. The Irishman stepped in to protect United defender Gary Neville, who rowed with Vieira before the match. "I'd had enough of Vieira's behaviour and I would do what I did again tomorrow if I had to," said Keane. Keane admitted that Neville may also have been at fault over the incident, which added further ill-feeling to an already-tense atmosphere. "It takes two to tango. Maybe Gary deserves to be chased up a tunnel every now and then - there would be a queue for him, probably," he added. "But you have to draw a line eventually." Keane said the trouble between Vieira and Neville was more serious than mere name-calling. "I'm usually first out in the tunnel but I had a problem with my shorts and I was maybe fourth or fifth out and by the time I got down I saw Vieira getting right into Gary Neville again," he said. "I mean physically as well now. I don't mean verbally." 

Clijsters could play Aussie Open  Kim Clijsters has denied reports that she has pulled out of January's Australian Open because of her persistent wrist injury.  Open chief Paul McNamee had said: "Kim's wrist obviously isn't going to be rehabilitated." But her spokesman insisted she had simply delayed submitting her entry. "The doctors are assessing her injury on a weekly basis and if there is no risk she could play. But if there's the least risk she will stay away." Despite being absent from the WTA entry list for the tournament, which begins on 17 January, Clijsters would be certain to get a wild card if she requested one. Clijsters is still ranked 22nd in the world despite only playing a handful of matches last season. The Belgian had an operation on her left wrist early in the season but injured it again on her return to the tour. Meanwhile, Jelena Dokic, who used to compete for Australia, has opted out of the first Grand Slam of the season. Dokic has not played in the Australian Open since 2001 when she lost in the first round. But the 21-year-old would have had to rely on a wild card next season because her ranking has tumbled to 127th. Four-time champion Monica Seles, who has not played since last year's French Open, is another absentee because of an injured left foot. 

Man Utd urged to seal Giggs deal  Ryan Giggs' agent has told Manchester United to end the deadlock surrounding the Welsh winger's contract.  Giggs is signed up until 2006 and the 31-year-old is looking for a new two-year deal as he bids to end his playing days at Old Trafford. However, United have only offered a one-year extension in line with their policy of contract negotiations with players over 30. "I don't think he is asking for the world," said agent Harry Swales. He added: "We are not banging on desks and slamming doors. We are just waiting for the gentlemen in grey suits to get back in touch with us. "Ryan isn't asking for any more money and he certainly doesn't want to leave Manchester United. "If he had his way, he would stay with them for the rest of his career. "We have got on well with the board at United and long may that continue. But just at the moment, the ball is in their court." Newcastle and Bolton are reportedly interested in signing the midfielder, who has been one of the main influences behind United's success over the last decade. However, Giggs has always insisted that he is keen to end his career at Old Trafford. 

Johnson uncertain about Euro bid  Jade Johnson is undecided about whether to contest next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid despite winning the AAAs long jump title on Saturday.  The 24-year-old delivered a personal best of 6.50m to win the European trials but had to wait until her final jump after four failures. "I don't want to go if I am not going to get a medal," said Johnson. "I will have to see how I am jumping in the next competition and I'll have to have a conversation with my coach." Johnson, who finished seventh in last year's Olympic Games, has not competed indoors since 2000. And the Commonwealth and European silver medallist believes her lack of experience in the early part of the season has knocked her confidence. "It's the stress," said Johnson. "I am not used to feeling this, this early. I am just used to training. "But if I'm doing this kind of thing, then I will have to see how it goes." Johnson next competes in the high-class Birmingham Grand Prix on 18 February. 

Verdict delay for Greek sprinters  Greek athletics' governing body has postponed by two weeks the judgement on sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou for missing doping tests.  The pair are facing lengthy bans for the missed tests, including one on the eve of last year's Athens Olympics. They were set to learn their fate by the end of February, but late evidence from them has pushed the date back. "A decision is now expected by around mid-March," said one of their lawyers, Michalis Dimitrakopoulos. Kenteris, 31, who won the men's 200m title at the 2000 Sydney Games and Thanou, 30, who won the women's 100m silver medal in Sydney, face a maximum two-year ban if found guilty. The athletes, who spectacularly withdrew from the Athens Olympics, have been suspended by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) for missing the three tests. The IAAF said the sprinters had failed to provide samples for tests in Tel Aviv, Chicago and Athens and ordered Greek athletic's governing body, Segas, to hold a disciplinary inquiry. The athletes also face a criminal hearing in Greece over the missed drugs tests and have been charged with faking a motorcycle accident on the day of the Athens test, which led to them spending four days in hospital. Following the final hearing in late January, the athletes sounded confident they would be acquitted. "I am confident and optimistic," Thanou had said at the time. "We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of." It was not clear what this new evidence was. 

African double in Edinburgh  World 5000m champion Eliud Kipchoge won the 9.2km race at the View From Great Edinburgh Cross Country.  The Kenyan, who was second when Newcastle hosted the race last year, was in front from the outset. Ethiopian duo Gebre Gebremariam and Dejene Berhanu made last-gasp efforts to overtake him, but Kipchoge responded and a burst of speed clinched victory. Gavin Thompson was the first Briton in 12th place while Nick McCormick held of his British rivals to win the 4km race. The Morpeth Harrier led from the end of the first lap and ended Mike Skinner and Andrew Baddeley's hopes with a surge in the lasp lap. "My training has gone so well I wasn't really worried about the opposition asI knew I was in great shape," said McCormick, who now hopes to earn a 1,500m place in the British team for the World Championships in Helsinki. In the women's race, Ethiopia's Tirunesh Dibaba won a battle with world cross country champion Benita Johnson to retain her title. Australian Johnson, who shocked her African rivals in Brussels last March, looked to be on course for another win in the 6.2km race. But world 5000m champion Dibaba make a telling strike for the finishing line in the final 20 metres. Britons Kathy Butler and Hayley Yelling were out of contention early on. 

Butler strikes gold in Spain  Britain's Kathy Butler continued her impressive year with victory in Sunday's 25th Cross Internacional de Venta de Banos in Spain.  The Scot, who led GB to World Cross Country bronze earlier this year, moved away from the field with Ines Monteiro halfway into the 6.6km race. She then shrugged off her Portuguese rival to win in 20 minutes 38 seconds. Meanwhile, Briton Karl Keska battled bravely to finish seventh in the men's 10.6km race in a time of 31:41. Kenenisa Bekele of Ethiopia - the reigning world long and short course champion - was never troubled by any of the opposition, winning leisurely in 30.26. Butler said of her success: "I felt great throughout the race and hope this is a good beginning for a marvellous 2005 season for me." Elsewhere, Abebe Dinkessa of Ethiopia won the Brussels IAAF cross-country race on Sunday, completing the 10,500m course in 33.22. Gelete Burka then crowned a great day for Ethiopia by claiming victory in the women's race. 

SA return to Mauritius  Top seeds South Africa return to the scene of one of their most embarrassing failures when they face the Seychelles in the Cosafa Cup next month.  Last year Bafana Bafana were humbled in the first by minnows Mauritius who beat them 2-0 in Curepipe. Coach Stuart Baxter and his squad will return to Curepipe face the Seychelles in their first game of the new-look regional competition. The format of the event has been changed this year after the entry of the Seychelles, who have taken the number of participants to 13. The teams are now divided into three group of four and play knock-out matches on successive days to determine the group champions. Mauritius host the first group, and their opponents are Madagascar, the Seychelles and South Africa. Bafana Bafana play the Seychelles before Mauritius take on Madagascar in a double-header on 26 February. The two winners return to the New George V stadium the next day and the victor of the group decider advances to August's final mini-tournament. The second group will be hosted in Namibia in April. It comprises Zimbabwe, Botswana, Mozambique and the hosts. In June, former champions Zambia will host Lesotho, Malawi and Swaziland in the third group in Lusaka. The three group winners will then join title holders Angola for the last of the mini-tournaments in August, where the winners will be crowned.  Seychelles v South Africa  Mauritius v Madagascar  Winners meet in final match  Mozambique v Zimbabwe  Namibia v Botswana  Winners meet in final match  Lesotho v Malawi  Zambia v Swaziland  Winners meet in final match 

Scots suffer another injury blow  Scotland's back row crisis has worsened ahead of the RBS Six Nations with news that Scott Gray will miss out on the opening matches.  The Borders flanker has a knee injury and joins Donnie Macfadyen and Allister Hogg on the sidelines. Star number eight Simon Taylor will miss at least the first two games after damaging an ankle during his comeback. Scott MacLeod (ankle ligaments) and Jon Petrie (cartilage) are also doubtful for the opener in Paris on 5 February. Gray, 26, who won his first cap against Australia at Murrayfield last year, was hurt in club action at the weekend. Scotland doctor James Robson said: "A scan has shown damage to the medial ligaments of Scott's right knee ruling him out of the first part of the Championship. "We will seek further specialist advice in due course to determine just how long Scott may be out for." Another potential option, Glasgow flanker Andrew Wilson, has been ruled out for a month after damaging ligaments in both knees against Northampton recently.  Flanker Jason White and prop Tom Smith have also been suffering from flu and missed this week's training sessions. "We have got plenty of good, young players coming through and we have got to look at the opportunities it represents for them, rather than the negatives," Williams added. Williams could now turn to Edinburgh pair Alasdair Strokosch and Simon Cross. Leeds Tykes flanker Jon Dunbar also trained with the squad but is still awaiting verification of his eligibility to qualify for Scotland. 

Claxton hunting first major medal  British hurdler Sarah Claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid.  The 25-year-old has already smashed the British record over 60m hurdles twice this season, setting a new mark of 7.96 seconds to win the AAAs title. "I am quite confident," said Claxton. "But I take each race as it comes. "As long as I keep up my training but not do too much I think there is a chance of a medal." Claxton has won the national 60m hurdles title for the past three years but has struggled to translate her domestic success to the international stage. Now, the Scotland-born athlete owns the equal fifth-fastest time in the world this year. And at last week's Birmingham Grand Prix, Claxton left European medal favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko trailing in sixth spot.  For the first time, Claxton has only been preparing for a campaign over the hurdles - which could explain her leap in form. In previous seasons, the 25-year-old also contested the long jump but since moving from Colchester to London she has re-focused her attentions. Claxton will see if her new training regime pays dividends at the European Indoors which take place on 5-6 March. 

Hewitt falls to Dent in Adelaide  Lleyton Hewitt suffered a shock defeat to Taylor Dent in the quarter-finals of the Australian Hardcourt Championships in Adelaide on Friday.  The top seed was a strong favourite for the title but went down 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 to the American. Dent will face Juan Ignacio Chela next after the fourth seed was too strong for Jurgen Melzer. Olivier Rochus beat third seed Nicolas Kiefer 6-7 (4-7) 7-6 (8-6) 7-5 and will take on second seed Joachim Johansson. The Swede reached the last four by beating compatriot Thomas Enqvist 6-3 4-6 6-1. "I felt like I was striking the ball much better," said Johansson.  "I felt like I had a lot of break chances, I didn't take care of them all, but I broke him four times and he only broke me once. "I felt that was the key to get up in the set early." Hewitt played down his defeat and insisted he is focused solely on the Australian Open, which starts on 17 January. "When you've been number one in the world for a couple of years and won a couple of slams, you look at the big picture and what motivates you," said Hewitt. "That's the Grand Slams and Melbourne's as big for me as any of the four. Even if I don't win Sydney next week it's no big deal." 

Radcliffe yet to answer GB call  Paula Radcliffe has been granted extra time to decide whether to compete in the World Cross-Country Championships.  The 31-year-old is concerned the event, which starts on 19 March in France, could upset her preparations for the London Marathon on 17 April. "There is no question that Paula would be a huge asset to the GB team," said Zara Hyde Peters of UK Athletics. "But she is working out whether she can accommodate the worlds without too much compromise in her marathon training." Radcliffe must make a decision by Tuesday - the deadline for team nominations. British team member Hayley Yelling said the team would understand if Radcliffe opted out of the event. "It would be fantastic to have Paula in the team," said the European cross-country champion. "But you have to remember that athletics is basically an individual sport and anything achieved for the team is a bonus. "She is not messing us around. We all understand the problem." Radcliffe was world cross-country champion in 2001 and 2002 but missed last year's event because of injury. In her absence, the GB team won bronze in Brussels. 

Bell set for England debut  Bath prop Duncan Bell has been added to England's 30-man squad to face Ireland in the RBS Six Nations.  And with Phil Vickery sidelined for at least six weeks with a broken arm and Julian White out with a neck injury, Bell could make his England debut. Bell, 30, had set his sights on an international career with Wales. But last December, the International Rugby Board confirmed that he could only be eligible for England as he had travelled on tour with them in 1998. England coach Andy Robinson could take a gamble and call inexperienced Sale Sharks prop Andrew Sheridan into his front row. But Sheridan favours the loosehead side of the scrum and a more likely scenario is for uncapped Bell - who was among the tryscorers when England A beat France A 30-20 nine days ago - to be drafted in. Robinson also has an injury worry over centre Olly Barkley, who withdrew from Bath's starting line-up to face Gloucester last weekend.  He was due to have a hospital scan on Monday, while Gloucester centre Henry Paul, who started at fly-half against Bath, limped out at Kingsholm because of an ankle problem. Despite Barkley's three missed penalties in the 18-17 defeat against France, he is expected to retain his place at inside centre, although Leicester's in-form prospect Ollie Smith would be an obvious replacement. Bath coach John Connolly rates Barkley as no better than a 50/50 chance to make the Dublin trip. Uncapped fly-half Andy Goode has been named in a 30-man training squad for the Ireland game, and he strengthened his selection claims by kicking 28 points during Leicester's record 83-10 win against Newcastle on Sunday. England's players are due to meet at their Surrey training base on Monday. 

Agassi fear for Melbourne  Andre Agassi's involvement in the Australian Open was put in doubt after he pulled out of the Kooyong Classic with a hip injury.  Agassi was serving at 5-6 down in the first set to fellow American Andy Roddick when he decided to bring a premature end to the match. "My hip was cramping and I just could not continue," said the 34-year-old. Agassi, who has won the Australian Open four times, will have an MRI scan to discover the extent of the damage. He said the problem was not the same as the hip injury which forced him to miss Wimbledon last year.  "The good news is that it didn't just tear, it was tightening up and that can be your body protecting itself, which is hopefully more of the issue," he added. "That wasn't comfortable out there at all, what I was feeling. "I have to wait and see what I'm dealing with - it's a pretty scary feeling out there when something doesn't feel right and is getting worse. "It's very disappointing and I'll have to do my best to deal with it. Time will shortly tell if it (the Australian Open) is a possibility or not. "I was not counting on this being the end of the day for me. "Maybe in a few days I'll have a much better sense of what my hopes will be." 

Sociedad set to rescue Mladenovic  Rangers are set to loan out-of-favour midfielder Dragan Mladenovic to Real Sociedad, despite the closure of the January transfer window.  Sociedad have been given special permission by the Spanish FA to sign a player due to an injury crisis. Mladenovic will effectively replace former Rangers midfielder Mikel Arteta, who has been loaned to Everton. Sociedad say they will pay Rangers £150,000, with an option to buy the Serbia & Montenegro international. Mladenovic's loan move is subject to him passing a medical. The 28-year-old, who joined Rangers from Red Star Belgrade for £1.2m in the close season, is expected in San Sebastian later this week following his national side's game against Bulgaria. Sociedad are in 15th place in the 20-strong Primera Liga, just two points above the relegation zone. Special permission from the Spanish FA came after an injury to central defender Igor Jauregi. The versatile Mladenovic can also play in the back four. His agent said last month that Rangers had told him to find the player a new club. Mladenovic's time at Ibrox has been plagued with injury and he has made just six starts in six months with the Glasgow club. 

Tindall wants second opinion  England centre Mike Tindall is to seek a second opinion before having surgery on a foot injury that could force him to miss the entire Six Nations.  The Bath player was already out of the opener against Wales on 5 February because of a hand problem. "Mike had a specialist review on a fracture in his right mid foot," said England doctor Simon Kemp. "Before a final decision is made on surgery... medical teams have decided he should see a second specialist."  England coach Andy Robinson is already without centre Will Greenwood and flanker Richard Hill while fly-half Jonny Wilkinson is certain to miss at least the first two games. Robinson is expected to announce his new-look England line-up on Monday for the match at the Millennium Stadium. And Newcastle's 18-year-old centre Mathew Tait is set to stand in for Tindall alongside club team-mate Jamie Noon.  Meanwhile, Tindall is targeting a return to action before the end of the regular Zurich Premiership season on 30 April. He will also aim to be back to full fitness before the Lions tour to New Zealand this summer. 

ECB reveals county one-day revamp  The England and Wales Cricket Board has announced major structural changes to two domestic one-day competitions  But the board has resisted calls to cut the number of four-day games, with the County Championship format unchanged. From 2006, the 50-over C&G Trophy will be divided into two conferences with Scotland and Ireland added. It will be played in the first half of the season, with an August final, while the Totesport League will occupy the end of the summer, in a 40-over format.  However, the Scottish Saltires, who have finished bottom in two seasons in Division Two, will be removed from the competition after 2005. The nine teams in each Totesport League division will play each other just once - either home or away - with automatic two-up and two-down promotion and relegation spots. The third-placed team in Division Two will host the seventh-placed team in Division One in a one-off match to decide the final top-flight berth. An expansion of the Twenty20 Cup was already planned for 2005, and the ECB is to explore adding two further foreign teams in the future.  First Class Forum chairman Mike Soper headed the working party responsible for the changes, after initial suggestions by the ECB were rejected by county bosses. "I am extremely pleased with the outcome of this report which was unanimously acclaimed at the recent FCF meeting," he said. "We will now have a strong competition in the C&G Trophy which reflects international cricket. "Our highly successful Twenty20 competition will have a 40-over competition immediately following it." Following a model set in Australia and South Africa, the England A team will face touring sides each summer, either playing two first-class matches or a combination of four- and one-day games. 

Strachan turns down Pompey  Former Southampton manager Gordon Strachan has rejected the chance to become Portsmouth's new boss.  The Scot was Pompey chairman Milan Mandaric's first choice to replace Harry Redknapp, who left Fratton Park for rivals Saints earlier in December. "I think it's a fantastic job for anybody apart from somebody who has just been the Southampton manager," Strachan told the BBC. Club director Terry Brady held initial talks with Strachan on Saturday. The former Scotland international added that joining Southampton's local rivals would not be a wise move. "It's got everything going for it but I've got too many memories of the other side and I don't want to sour those memories," he said. "Everything's right - it's 10 minutes away, there are good players there, a good set-up, a good atmosphere at the ground. "There's lots to do but it's not right for somebody who has just been the Southampton manager." Since Redknapp's departure, executive director Velimir Zajec and coach Joe Jordan have overseen first-team affairs.  The duo had gone five matches unbeaten until Sunday's 1-0 defeat at home to champions Arsenal, but the club are still in a respectable 12th place in the Premiership table. Strachan left St Mary's in February, after earlier announcing his intention to take a break from the game at the end of the 2003-04 season. His previous managerial experience came at Coventry, whom he led for five years from 1996 to 2001. 

Slovakia reach Hopman Cup final  Slovakia will play Argentina in the final of the Hopman Cup after beating Group B rivals the Netherlands 3-0.  Daniela Hantuchova defeated Michaella Krajicek 6-4 6-2 to give the Slovaks the perfect start before Dutchman Peter Wessels retired against Dominik Hrbaty. Wessels was unable to compete in the mixed doubles but Slovakia had already booked their place in the final for the second year running. Argentina claimed top spot in Group A with three wins from three matches. In the other Group B match, the United States defeated Australia 2-1.  Meghann Shaughnessy lost the opening match against Alicia Molik but James Blake levelled the tie with a 6-3 6-4 win over Paul Baccanello, who came in as a replacement for the injured Mark Philippoussis. Blake and Shaughnessy then beat Molik and Baccanello in a tense mixed doubles contest to take the win. Hantuchova, who did not win a Hopman Cup singles match in 2004, has been in good form during this year's event and has won two of her three matches. "I feel like it's really deserved this time as I've helped Dominik to get through," she said. "I think if I keep going the way I have been in the past few matches then I will be okay. "I was really pleased with my last two singles, even the first one, which was a really high standard. "You can't ask for a better preparation than to play a few matches here for the Australian Open." 

Kenyon denies Robben Barca return  Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon has played down reports that Arjen Robben will return for the Champions League match against Barcelona.  "He's been responding well to treatment and started running on Friday, but we'll have to wait and see," he told BBC Five Live's Sportsweek. "We're looking to getting him back as soon as possible, but he'll be back when it's right for him and for us. "There's no plans at the moment around the Barcelona game." His comments contradict those of chiropractor Jean Pierre Meersseman who treated the Dutchman after he fractured his foot at the start of February. Robben had been expected to be out for six weeks, but Meersseman hinted that the winger could be fit for the vital Stamford Bridge game on 8 March. "I hope he can be back and I will try to help him make that happen," Meersseman told the Mail on Sunday. "I put everything right with Arjen's foot the last time I saw him 12 days ago. It was an obvious correction and easy to perform. "I know he was pleased with what I did and now that he is running again. I am due to see him one more time again in the next few days." Meersseman is the medical co-ordinator at Italian side AC Milan. 

Bellamy under new fire  Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has reopened his dispute with Craig Bellamy after claiming the Welshman was "not good enough" for the Magpies. Bellamy left Newcastle to join Celtic on loan after a major row with Souness. Souness - who refused to refer to the 25-year-old by name - said Bellamy did not score enough goals "The chap that's just gone has scored 9.3 goals a season in his time in senior football - half of those weren't even in the top flight," said Souness. "That's not good enough for a striker at a club like this. "We need to have two strikers who are near 20 goals on a regular basis."  Bellamy turned down a move to Birmingham in favour of joining Celtic after a disagreement about the Welsh international playing out of position quickly escalated. Earlier in the week, Souness had said that he risked losing the confidence of the players and damaging his own reputation if he had not taken a hard line after Bellamy accused him of lying.  "There are certain things you can forgive and forget," said Souness. "But if I'd been seen to be weak in this case there was no future for me with the players in the dressing room or any job I have after Newcastle." He could then return to St James' Park - and he says that he wants to. However, it would seem unlikely he will play for Newcastle again as long as Souness remains in charge. 

Smith aims to bring back respect  Scotland manager Walter Smith says he wants to restore the national team's respectability in world football.  Smith has joined his first squad for a three-day get-together near Manchester in preference to playing a friendly. While qualification for the 2006 World Cup appears to be beyond Scotland, Smith is anxious that the remainder of the campaign should be positive. "I think we have got to try to get a bit of respectability back in whatever way we can," he said. "We will have to approach each game differently. Obviously we will have to approach the Italian game away from home in a different manner to Moldova at home. "We have to meet the challenge of each match." Smith, meeting a number of his squad for the first time, brought them together on Monday to outline his ideas for improving the nation's fortunes.  He said: "I pointed out how I see the international team going forward and that was the main topic. "This is a relaxed gathering and I don't think there is a lot of doom and gloom about the squad that a lot of people think exists." A 25-man squad will spend the next three days based at the Mottram Hall hotel in Cheshire and will train at Manchester United's nearby Carrington complex. Smith will be absent for the final sessions, however, as he is due to fly out to Sardinia on Wednesday to watch Italy's friendly with Russia. 

Murray to make Cup history  Andrew Murray will become Britain's youngest-ever Davis Cup player after it was confirmed he will play in the doubles against Israel on Saturday.  The 17-year-old will play alongside fellow debutant David Sherwood against Israel's Jonathan Erlich and Andy Ram. Murray will eclipse the record set by Roger Becker back in 1952. Greg Rusedski takes Tim Henman's place as first choice in the singles, while Alex Bogdanovic will play in the second singles clash. Rusedski will take on former world number 30 Harel Levy and Bogdanovic - who has previously played in two singles rubbers against Australia - will face Noam Okun.  Murray is the brightest young hope in British tennis, after winning the US Open junior title last year and the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year. British number one Tim Henman, who announced his Davis Cup retirement earlier this year, believes Britain can win the tie in Tel Aviv. "It's going to be as really tough match. Israel have some really good players - and their doubles pair of Andy Ram and Jonathan Erlich are among the top eight in the world - but I fancy our chances," he said. But Henman urged Bogdanovic, who has had run-ins with British tennis officials in the past, to seize his chance. "Alex is a quality player - he's young but he's got to keep pushing forward. "He's got to be stronger, he's got a lot of ability but he's got to be more disciplined mentally and physically and if he does that he's got a good chance." 

Balco case trial date pushed back  The trial date for the Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative (Balco) steroid distribution case has been postponed.  US judge Susan Illston pushed back a preliminary evidentiary hearing - which was due to take place on Wednesday - until 6 June. No official trial date has been set but it is expected to begin in September. Balco founder Victor Conte along with James Valente, coach Remy Korchemny and trainer Greg Anderson are charged with distributing steroids to athletes.  Anderson's clients include Barry Bonds, and several other baseball stars have been asked to appear before a congressional inquiry into steroid use in the major leagues. The Balco defence team have already lost their appeal to have the case dismissed at a pre-trial hearing in San Francisco but will still argue the case should not go to trial. The hearing in June will focus on the admissibility of evidence gathered during police raids on Balco's offices and Anderson's home. Conte and Anderson were not arrested at that point but federal agents did obtain statements from them. The defence are expected to challenge the legality of those interviews and if Ilston agrees she could could reject all the evidence from the raids. Balco has been accused by the United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) of being the source of the banned steroid THG and modafinil.  Former double world champion Kelli White and Olympic relay star Alvin Harrison have both been banned on the basis of materials discovered during the Balco investigation. Britain's former European 100m champion Dwain Chambers is currently serving a two-year ban after testing positive for THG in an out-of-competition test in 2003. And American sprinter Marion Jones has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Conte following his allegations that he gave her performance-enhancing drugs. 

Edwards tips Idowu for Euro gold  World outdoor triple jump record holder and BBC pundit Jonathan Edwards believes Phillips Idowu can take gold at the European Indoor Championships.  Idowu landed 17.30m at the British trials in Sheffield last month to lead the world triple jump rankings. "It's all down to him, but if he jumps as well as he did in Sheffield he could win the gold medal," said Edwards. "His ability is undoubted but all his best performances seem to happen in domestic meetings."  Idowu made his breakthrough five years ago but so far has only a Commonwealth silver medal to his name. Edwards himself kept Idowu off top spot at the Manchester Games. But he believes the European Indoors in Madrid represent a chance for the 26-year-old to prove his credentials as Britain's top triple jumper. "He has to start producing at international level and here is the beginning," said Edwards. "Phillips still needs to be much more consistent. I'm sure a victory in Madrid will build up his confidence and self-belief that he can be best in the world." The qualifying round of the men's triple jump in Madrid takes place on Friday with the final scheduled for Saturday. Olympic champion Christian Olsson will not be taking part as he is out for the entire indoor season with an ankle injury. 

D'Arcy injury adds to Ireland woe  Gordon D'Arcy has been ruled out of the Ireland team for Saturday's Six Nations clash against Scotland in Murrayfield.  Like skipper Brian O'Driscoll, D'Arcy failed to recover from a hamstring injury. The side will now be led by Munster lock Paul O'Connell. Shane Horgan switches from wing to centre where he will be joined by Ulster's Kevin Maggs. Girvan Dempsey comes into the team to take the right wing spot while Gavin Duffy is called up to the replacements. ''We gave Gordon a chance but it didn't work out,'' said Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan. ''In terms of the risk element, it was a sensible precaution. He should be fine for the next game but we do not want to tempt fate.''  Maggs, who will win his 67th cap, was the obvious replacement at centre while Shane Horgan was always likely to be moved from the wing. The only other change to the Ireland side from last weekend's win in Rome sees Wasps flanker Johnny O'Connor replacing Denis Leamy. O'Connor will be winning his third cap after making his debut in the victory over South Africa last November.  : Murphy, Dempsey, Horgan, Maggs, Hickie, O'Gara, Stringer, Corrigan, Byrne, Hayes, O'Kelly, O'Connell, capt, S Easterby, O'Connor, Foley.  : Sheahan, Horan, O'Callaghan, Miller, G Easterby, Humphreys, Duffy. 

Stevens named in England line-up  England have named Bath prop Matt Stevens in the starting line-up for their Six Nations match against Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Sunday.  Fellow Bath prop Duncan Bell will start on the bench, as coach Andy Robinson makes just one change to the team that was beaten by France. It will be Stevens' first start after two caps as a replacement against the All Blacks last year. Leicester duo Ollie Smith and Andy Goode have been drafted onto the bench. Stevens takes over from Phil Vickery, who suffered a broken arm playing for Gloucester last weekend. "I'm confident Matt will grasp this opportunity and make his mark against Ireland," said Robinson.  "All three players have shown outstanding form of late, most recently in the England A win against France A and for their club," added Robinson. "Selection beckons when players demonstrate such consistent ability. "This game against Ireland will be massive. We recognise it's a must-win game for us this season." England confirmed that Sale Sharks prop Andrew Sheridan was not considered for selection because of an injury he picked up to the back of his ankle during last Friday's match against Leeds.  J Robinson (Sale Sharks, capt); M Cueto (Sale Sharks), J Noon (Newcastle), O Barkley (Bath), J Lewsey (Wasps); C Hodgson (Sale Sharks), H Ellis (Leicester); G Rowntree (Leicester), S Thompson (Northampton), M Stevens (Bath), D Grewcock (Bath), B Kay (Leicester), J Worsley (Wasps), L Moody (Leicester), M Corry (Leicester).  A Titterrell (Sale Sharks), D Bell (Bath), S Borthwick (Bath), A Hazell (Gloucester), M Dawson (Wasps), A Goode (Leicester), O Smith (Leicester). 

Lewis-Francis turns to Christie  Mark Lewis-Francis has stepped up his preparations for the new season by taking advice from British sprint icon Linford Christie.  The 22-year-old is set to compete at Sheffield this weekend and will then take on Maurice Greene and Kim Collins in Birmingham on 18 February. "Training in Wales and getting advice from Linford Christie is broadening my mind," said Lewis-Francis. The sprinter has also shed weight since winning relay gold at the Athens Games. "Last year I was 91kg, now I am 86.9kg - hopefully my times will come down," he said. "This has been brought about by eating the right foods and cutting out the snacks. It is just discipline and being more focused about what I am doing.  "I am still keeping up my weights work and I can see the improvement in my running." Despite playing his part in Britain's successful 4x100m relay team, Lewis-Francis still feels the frustration of missing out on the individual 100m final at the 2004 Olympics. "That was heartbreaking, but I had made it to the semi-final and for me, on a personal level, that was an achievement. "I just have to be patient and build up for the next Olympics. That is my goal and whatever I do between now and then will be geared to making the final." 

GB players warned over security  Britain's Davis Cup players have been warned not to go out of their Tel Aviv hotel unaccompanied ahead of the weekend's tie against Israel.  A suicide bombing in a nightclub in the city on Friday claimed four victims. "We spoke about the bomb and we were told that we must not leave the hotel on our own," Andrew Murray told the Daily Telegraph. "Jeremy (Bates, GB captain) told us to be careful when we go out of the hotel and not to do anything stupid." But Murray insisted that the team, which also includes Greg Rusedski, Arvind Parmar, David Sherwood and reserve Alex Bogdanovic, has been able to concentrate on the task ahead. "The bomb went off just a few miles from where we are staying," said 17-year-old Murray.  "I will try not to think about what happened but I don't think it will have any effect on the British team's concentration. We will be safe if we stay in the hotel and the tennis centre." Speaking on Saturday, team captain Bates said: "It was a terrible thing, a very unfortunate thing, but I think that sport must go on. "I think that there are a lot of people involved in this event who have obviously taken great care to make sure the event runs smoothly." An LTA statement said: "We have every confidence in the organisation and security of this tie. "We will continue to monitor the situation carefully." The team arrived in Tel Aviv on Saturday and practised on the hard courts at the Ramat Hasharon arena on Sunday. 

Spain coach faces racism inquiry  Spain's Football Federation has initiated disciplinary action against national coach Luis Aragones over racist comments about Thierry Henry.  If found guilty Aragones could lose his job or face a fine of about £22,000. The federation had initially declined to take action against Aragones after comments he made during a national team training session in October. But its president Angel Maria Villar changed his mind after a request by Spain's anti-violence commission. Aragones insisted the comments, made to Henry's Arsenal club-mate Jose Antonio Reyes, were meant to motivate the player, and were not intended to be offensive.  "I never intended to offend anyone, and for that reason I have a very easy conscience," he said at the time. "I'm obliged to motivate my players to get the best results. "As part of that job, I use colloquial language, with which we can all understand each other within the framework of the football world. " England's players made a point of wearing anti-racism t-shirts when training before their friendly against Spain in Madrid last month.  But the storm increased following racist chanting by Spanish fans at England's black players during the game, which Spain won 1-0. Spain's minister of sport Jaime Lissavetzky was quick to give his backing to the Federation's decision. "Everyone who has a public function has to consider their declarations, and make sure they do not give a negative image," he said. "We are going to have zero tolerance in questions of racism." 

Harinordoquy suffers France axe  Number eight Imanol Harinordoquy has been dropped from France's squad for the Six Nations match with Ireland in Dublin on 12 March.  Harinordoquy was a second-half replacement in last Saturday's 24-18 defeat to Wales. Bourgoin lock Pascal Pape, who has recovered from a sprained ankle, returns to the 22-man squad. Wing Cedric Heymans and Ludovic Valbon come in for Aurelien Rougerie and Jean-Philippe Grandclaude.  Rougerie hurt his chest against Wales while Grandclaude was a second-half replacement against both England and Wales. Valbon, capped in last June's Tests against the United States and Canada, was a second half replacement in the win over Scotland.  France coach Bernard Laporte said Harinordoquy had been axed after a poor display last weekend. "Imanol has been dropped from the squad because the least I can say is that he didn't make a thundering comeback against Wales," said Laporte. "We know the Ireland game will be fast and rough and we also want to be able to replace both locks during the game if needed, and Gregory Lamboley can also come on at number seven or eight. "The Grand Slam is gone but we'll go to Ireland to win. "It will be a very exciting game because Ireland have three wins under their belt, have just defeated England and have their eyes set on a Grand Slam." France, who lost to Wales last week, must defeat the Irish to keep alive their hopes of retaining the Six Nations trophy. Ireland are unbeaten in this year's tournament and have their sights set on a first Grand Slam since 1948.  Dimitri Yachvili (Biarritz), Pierre Mignoni (Clermont), Yann Delaigue (Castres), Frederic Michalak (Stade Toulousain), Damien Traille (Biarritz), Yannick Jauzion (Stade Toulousain), Ludovic Valbon (Biarritz), Christophe Dominici (Stade Francais), Cedric Heymans (Stade Toulousain), Julien Laharrague (Brive)  Sylvain Marconnet (Stade Francais), Nicolas Mas (Perpignan), Olivier Milloud (Bourgoin), Sebastien Bruno (Sale/ENG), William Servat (Stade Toulousain), Fabien Pelous (Stade Toulousain, capt), Jerome Thion (Biarritz), Pascal Pap&#233; (Bourgoin), Gregory Lamboley (Stade Toulousain), Serge Betsen (Biarritz), Julien Bonnaire (Bourgoin), Yannick Nyanga (B&#233;ziers) 

IAAF awaits Greek pair's response  Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are yet to respond to doping charges from the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).  The Greek pair were charged after missing a series of routine drugs tests in Tel Aviv, Chicago and Athens. They have until midnight on 16 December and an IAAF spokesman said: "We're sure their responses are on their way." If they do not respond or their explanations are rejected, they will be provisionally banned from competition. They will then face a hearing in front of the Greek Federation, which will ultimately determine their fate. Their former coach Christos Tzekos has also been charged with distributing banned substances. Under IAAF rules, the athletes could receive a maximum one-year suspension. Kenteris and Thanou already face a criminal trial after being charged with avoiding a drug test on the eve of the Athens Olympics and then faking a motorcyle crash.  No date for the trial has yet been set and again Tzekos is also facing charges. The IAAF issued an official warning to the trio last year after they were discovered training in Qatar rather than in Crete, where they had said they would be. All athletes must inform their national federations where they are at all times, so they can be available for out-of-competition drugs tests. But Kenteris and Thanou then went on to skip tests in Tel Aviv and Chicago, when they decided to fly back to Greece early. Then just before the Olympics, the pair dramatically missed another test in Athens and withdrew from the Games. 

Freeman considers return to track  Former Olympic champion Cathy Freeman said she would consider a return to action in the relay at next year's Commonwealth Games in Melbourne.  But the 31-year-old said she would only try to make the team if she felt there was backing for the move. "If there was overwhelming support for me to come back I would think about it, but not just if it was for myself," she told Australia's Sun-Herald. "It would be enough motivation for me to get out there and try again." But Freeman, who retired in July 2003, ruled out a return to the individual event. "I don't think I could ever top what I felt in Sydney, and I've got too much pride. "If I was part of the relay I'd do it, but not the individual. "The preparation and getting fit is easy. And I don't think I could lose that competitiveness and killer instinct, I've just channelled it into other things." Former coach Raelene Boyle said the public would back Freeman were she to return to the track but questioned the wisdom of such a move. "It would be fantastic to see Cathy run but I believe that once you retire, you retire. When you have got a unique talent like she has, maybe it would work to try again. "But she would have to get out and prove herself in races before they selected her to run in the relay." 

Fit-again Betsen in France squad  France have brought flanker Serge Betsen back into their squad to face England at Twickenham on Sunday.  But the player, who missed the victory over Scotland through injury, must attend a disciplinary hearing on Wednesday after being cited by Wasps. "Serge has a good case so we are confident he will play," said France coach Bernard Laporte. The inexperienced Nicolas Mas, Jimmy Marlu and Jean-Philippe Grandclaude are also included in a 22-man squad. The trio have been called up after Pieter de Villiers, Ludovic Valbon and Aurelien Rougerie all picked up injuries in France's 16-9 win on Saturday.  Laporte said he was confident that Betsen would be cleared by the panel investigating his alleged trip that broke Wasps centre Stuart Abbott's leg. "If he was to be suspended, we would call up Imanol Harinordoquy or Thomas Lievremont," said Laporte, who has dropped Patrick Tabacco. "We missed Serge badly against Scotland. He has now recovered from his thigh injury and played on Saturday with Biarritz." France's regular back-row combination of Betsen, Harinordoquy and Olivier Magne were all missing from France's side at the weekend because of injury. Laporte is expected to announce France's starting line-up on Wednesday.  Forwards: Nicolas Mas, Sylvain Marconnet, Olivier Milloud, William Servat, Sebastien Bruno, Fabien Pelous, Jerome Thion, Gregory Lamboley, Serge Betsen, Julien Bonnaire, Sebastien Chabal, Yannick Nyanga. Backs: Dimitri Yachvili, Pierre Mignoni, Frederic Michalak, Yann Delaigue, Damien Traille, Brian Liebenberg, Jean-Philippe Grandclaude, Christophe Dominici, Jimmy Marlu, Pepito Elhorga. 

West Indies opener Rae mourned  Former West Indies Test batsman Allan Rae has died in Kingston, Jamaica, at the age of 82 after a long illness.  Rae scored 1,016 runs in 15 Tests as an opener between 1948-1953, averaging 46.18 and making four centuries. He was part of the first Windies team to defeat England in a Test series in 1950, before quitting the first-class game to focus on his legal career. Rae then went on to become president of the West Indies Cricket Board, a position he held from 1981-1988. In his book, A History of West Indies Cricket, former Jamaican Prime Minister Michael Manley said Rae "brought to the presidency some of the most important characteristics of the finest administrative leaders, a deep sense of tradition with a mind always open to change". He praised Rae's behind the scenes work with Sir Don Bradman to bring the West Indies and Australia players involved in Kerry Packer's World Series back into the cricket establishment. During his time as president, a number of West Indies players were given life bans for going on unauthorised tours to South Africa. Rae's playing career began in 1946-47 and he soon earned a place in the West Indies team, marking his first series with centuries against India in Bombay (now Mumbai) and Madras (Chennai). Part of a strong opening partnership with Jeff Stollmeyer, he is best remembered for his part in the 1950 tour to England when he made 106 at Lord's and 109 at The Oval as West Indies won the series 3-1. He only played six Tests thereafter, his last against India at Port of Spain in February 1953. "Allan meant so much to our cricket, not only as a player, but also as a hard-working administrator," said Bryan Breese, chief executive of the Jamaica Cricket Association. "He even neglected his legal practice at times because of his dedication to cricket in Jamaica." 

Bristol City 2-1 Milton Keynes  Leroy Lita took his goal tally to 13 for the season as his double earned City an LDV Vans Trophy win.  The striker finished off Scott Murray cross from close range just seconds before half-time. Lita then made it 2-0 on 52 minutes, but Dons' substitute Serge Makofo then netted a great volley to make it 2-1. The visitors almost took the tie to extra time with a late 30-yard bullet from Richard Johnson which was well held by Steve Phillips.  Phillips, Amankwaah, Coles, Hill, Fortune, Murray (Anyinsah 59), Doherty (Harley 45), Dinning, Bell, Lita (Cotterill 72), Gillespie. Subs Not Used: Orr, Brown.  Hill.  Lita 45, 52.  Bevan, Oyedele, Ntimban-Zeh, Crooks, Puncheon, Kamara (Makofo 64), Chorley, Herve (McKoy 45), Tapp (Johnson 45), Mackie, Pacquette. Subs Not Used: Martin, Palmer.  Pacquette, Chorley, Johnson, McKoy.  Makofo 66.  3,367  J Ross (Essex). 

Smith keen on Home series return  Scotland manager Walter Smith has given his backing to the reinstatement of the Home International series.  Such a plan is to be proposed by the new chief executive of the Northern Irish FA, Howard Wells, at the next meeting of the four home countries. The English FA has expressed doubt as to whether the fixtures could be accommodated at the end of each season. But Smith said: "Bringing it back would add meaning to friendly games and that's something that's needed." The Home International series was done away with in 1984, with the traditional Scotland-England fixture continuing until 1989. That game is one Smith would be delighted to see reinstated. "The Scotland v England match was a highlight of the end of the season," he added. "I was in Italy for their friendly with Russia last week and they made seven substitutions while only around 20,000 fans turned up to watch. "England were criticised for the 0-0 draw against Holland - the way Scotland were slammed in the past for poor results in friendlies. "You have to put a performance on in friendly games. If you don't, they can be de-motivating. "It can be a dangerous road to go down, if players don't apply themselves in the manner they should. "So I would support the return of the home internationals - the only problem would be fitting them in to the fixture schedule." 

Ganguly plays down fears  India captain Sourav Ganguly has attempted to play down safety fears over their tour to Bangladesh.  The Indian squad arrived in Dhaka on Wednesday for a 19-day tour featuring two Tests and three one-day matches. The first Test has already been put back a day to Friday after the Indian embassy received threats purporting to come from Islamic militants. "Security is an important factor but we as a team are concentrating on cricket and nothing else," Ganguly insisted. A hand-written fax allegedly sent by the Harkat-ul-Zihad group threatened to kill Indian cricketers, but has been dismissed as a hoax by the Bangladesh authorities. They are suspected of carrying out the assasination of poet Shamsur Rahman six years ago. The group's hostility towards India stems from riots in the western state of Gujarat in 2002, which left 2,000 people dead, many of them muslims. The Board of Control for Cricket in India is leaving nothing to chance and are sending security experts to assess the situation in Chittagong, where the second Test is due to start on 16 December.  Despite Bangladesh's mediocre record of 29 defeats in 32 matches at Test level since 2000, Ganguly said his team would take nothing for granted. "I don't think Bangladesh are pushovers. I always respect the opposition and Bangladesh are no exception. "I don't think any side has has gone and played in Bangladesh with a sense of complacency." India were Bangladesh's first Test opponents four years ago, winning by nine wickets in Dhaka despite the home side making 400 in their first innings. 

Pakistan batsmen make edgy start  Tour match, Dharamsala, day one (stumps) Pakistan 165-5 v Indian Board President's XI  At stumps on day one of three, the tourists were 165-5 in Dharamsala, with only 45 overs possible because of rain. There was an important 72-run stand for the fifth wicket between Inzamam-ul-Haq and Asim Kamal after Pakistan had collapsed from 54-0 to 83-4. Kamal was still there at the close on 43 after captain Inzamam, on his 35th birthday, was dismissed for 35. Pakistan had been cruising early on through Salman Butt and Taufeeq Umar before losing four wickets for 29 runs in barely 10 overs of cricket. In the 11th over a misunderstanding with Umar about a second run resulted in his downfall - Gagandeep Singh hitting the stumps with a throw from fine leg. Gagandeep then did his job with the ball as Younis Khan was caught at second slip for a two-ball duck. Yousuf Youhana batted brightly but after hitting 18 off as many deliveries he fell soon after tea inside-edging a drive off Shib Paul to wicket-keeper Parthiv Patel. And moments later Umar was held at short midwicket off bat and pad to give Rudra Singh a wicket. With the pressure on, Inzamam and Kamal produced a dogged effort in the final session before venugopal Rao trapped the skipper lbw. It was the only wicket to fall to a spinner during the course of a chilly day in this city in the foothills of the Himalayas. The match is Pakistan's only warm-up game before the first of three Tests against India begins in Mohali on 8 March.  Mohammad Kaif (capt), Dheeraj Jadhav, Satyajit Parab, Venugopala Rao, Suresh Raina, Parthiv Patel (wkt), Ramesh Powar, Gagandeep Singh, Shib Shankar Paul, Rudra Pratap Singh, Neeraj Patel.  Inzamam-ul-Haq (capt), Salman Butt, Taufeeq Umar, Yousuf Youhana, Younis Khan, Asim Kamal, Abdul Razzaq, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Danish Kaneria, Mohammad Sami, Rana Naved-ul-Hasan. 

Ronaldinho denies Blues interest  Fifa World Player of the Year Ronaldinho says he has no intention of leaving Barcelona to join Chelsea.  "I never said I wanted to play for Chelsea. I'm very happy where I am and want to carry on where I am," he said. "I want to be part of the history of Barcelona as a winning player. Barcelona has given more to me than I have to them." The Brazilian added: "From the first day I have had lovely surprises. Barcelona, for me, is perfect." Ronaldinho's words will reassure Barca after the Brazilian previously said he was interested in moving to England. He was quoted as saying: "What Chelsea are doing is absolutely amazing. I respect them a lot and can see maybe see myself living in London one day."  Barca meet Chelsea in the last 16 of the Champions League and Ronaldinho is expecting a tough time against the London outfit. "I hope we can reach the final of the Champions League, but it is a very strong competition," he said. "Chelsea are one of the highest-ranking teams." 

Worthington praises classy Villa  Norwich boss Nigel Worthington said his side's defeat to Aston Villa emphasised the gap in quality between the Premiership and the Championship.  "I thought the Villa performance today was very good. I think it comes down to the quality," he said. "The jump from the first division into this level is a hefty leap. We're learning all the time. "Villa's second goal summed it up. We are on the attack, then Robert Green's picking it out at the other end." Worthington said he was happy with the performance of England Under-21 striker Dean Ashton on his Premiership debut after his £3m move from Crewe. "It was very difficult for him but I thought he did exceptionally well," he said. "He got hold of the ball and got shots in, which we've been shy on, so that's a big plus. It's his first Premiership game and he will find it a big step. "We've got to give him time and be patient with him because I know, and he knows, there is a quality footballer in there. "Once he gets attuned to the Premiership he will be one to watch." 

Chepkemei hit by big ban  Kenya's athletics body has suspended two-time London Marathon runner-up Susan Chepkemei from all competition until the end of the year.  Athletics Kenya (AK) issued the ban after Chepkemei failed to turn up for a cross country training camp in Embu. "We have banned her from all local and international competitions," said AK chief Isaiah Kiplagat. "We shall communicate this decision to the IAAF and all meet directors all over the world." The 29-year-old finished second to Paula Radcliffe in the 2002 and 2003 London races, and was also edged out in an epic New York Marathon contest last year.  But the ban will prevent the two-time world half-marathon silver medallist from challenging Radcliffe at this year's London event in April. Global Sports Communications, Chepkemei's management company, said she had wanted to run in the World Cross Country Championships in March. But AK maintained it was making an example of Chepkemei as a warning to other Kenyan athletes. "We are taking this action in order to salvage our pride," said Kiplagat. "We have been accused of having no teeth to bite with and that agents are ruling over us." KA has also threatened three-time women's short-course champion Edith Masai with a similar ban if reports that she feigned injury to avoid running at the cross country world championships are true. Masai missed the national trials in early February, but was included in the provisional team on the proviso that she ran in a regional competition. She failed to run in the event, citing a leg injury. 

Wood - Ireland can win Grand Slam  Former captain Keith Wood believes Ireland can win only their second Grand Slam - and first since 1948 - in this year's RBS Six Nations Championship.  After claiming their first Triple Crown for 19 years last season, Wood tips his former team-mates to go one better. "Things have been building up over the past few years and I think this is the year for Ireland," he told BBC Sport. "There is a great chance to win a Grand Slam. A lot of things are in our favour with England and France at home." Ireland have finished runners-up three times, including last year, since the old Five Nations became Six in 2000, and not finished outside the top three in the past five years.  Despite being without flanker Keith Gleeson, coach Eddie O'Sullivan has not had to contend with the sort of casualty lists that have hit England and Scotland in particular prior to the tournament. "For Ireland to win it we need to stay relatively injury free, and fortunately we are one of the few teams that have done that so far," Wood added. "It is going to be tough and we need to take all the luck and opportunities that come our way." Ireland's last game of the tournament is against Wales in Cardiff - a fixture they have not lost since 1983.  But despite their traditional hospitality when the Irish are visiting, Wood believes Wales might end their four-match losing run against England in Cardiff. "So many of the major England players have either retired in the last year or are injured that I think it will be very hard for them down in Cardiff," Wood added. "Wales have had four brilliant games in the last year or so and lost all four, so the time is right for them now to beat one of the major teams." 

Pakistan urged to show more fight  The head of the Pakistan Cricket Board has warned the national team they are playing for their places in the two remaining Tests in Australia.  Pakistan suffered a 491-run thrashing in Perth, where they were bowled out for just 72 in their second innings. "Pakistan is a proud cricket nation and we want some continuity in the team. "But if the current lot can't pick themselves up we will look at our reserve talent for future tours," said PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan. "We know that under new coach Bob Woolmer, the players need time to adjust to a new system and method. "But we at least expect them to put up a good fight," he added.  A crowd of about 150, meanwhile burnt effigies of Woolmer, captain Inzamam-ul-Haq, vice-captain Yousuf Youhana and chief selector Wasim Bari in Karachi on Tuesday. And former coach Javed Miandad has renewed his criticism of Woolmer, who took charge of the team only six months ago. "The team has some talented players and all they need is to make minor adjustments to their techniques and play with heart on Australian wickets. "But I think the coach also needs to stop blaming the players and making excuses for every poor performance. "Woolmer is a highly regarded coach and he needs to back his players and give them confidence at all times." Pakistan have lost four of the six Tests they have played so far this year. The second Test against Australia begins in Melbourne on Sunday. 

Newry to fight cup exit in courts  Newry City are expected to discuss legal avenues on Friday regarding overturning their ejection from the Nationwide Irish Cup.  The IFA upheld its original decision to throw Newry out of the cup following the Andy Crawford registration row. ''A law firm will put a case forward for Newry FC, and see what the legal implications of all this is are,'' said Newry boss Roy McCreadie. ''This is a big issue, now that we have an appeal pending,'' On Wednesday, a fresh IFA hearing into Crawford registration saga, ruled that last week's original verdict had been correct. It meant that Bangor, beaten 5-1 by Newry on the field, will take on Portadown in the sixth round. Newry had claimed they had uncovered "fresh evidence", in respect of the dates relating to the registration. But McCreadie is not further annoyed that full details of Wednesday's meeting was not relayed to the club. ''Even to this day, we have as much information about what happened during the meeting on Wednesday as that told to the media. We are being kept in the dark,'' McCreadie told the  News Letter  . ''We want an explanation. There is no good sending us the same fax message the press people received. ''It's a real sad case. If we are not back in the Irish Cup after our appeal, and guided by our legal advise, we will seek to lodge an injunction in the courts to stop Bangor playing Portadown.'' 

Gronkjaer agrees switch to Madrid  Jesper Gronkjaer has agreed a move to Atletico Madrid from Birmingham City.  The 27-year-old winger spent just five months at St Andrews following a £2.2m move from Chelsea in July after playing for Denmark at Euro 2004. He is set to move during the January transfer window in a deal rumoured to be about £1.4m, subject to a medical. "We will meet with the player's representative to finalise the contract and decide when he will sign," said Atletico sporting director Toni Munoz. Gronkjaer has been targeted by Blues fans and was sarcastically applauded when taken off against Everton last month. Boss Steve Bruce had said that he would be happy to let the Danish international go if the price was right. He added: "I'm not going to say the decision to let him go is down to the fans' reaction towards him.  "He has had a tough time since the summer with the loss of his mother and finding it difficult to adjust to a new club and a different area. "He has been terrific and not missed a day's training and is someone if your daughter brought them home you would be delighted. "It just hasn't quite worked out here for him. But we'd like to get back most of what we spent." 

ICC relaxes bowling regulations  The International Cricket Council (ICC) has agreed to relax its rules on bowling actions in a bid to defuse one of the most divisive issues in cricket.  Bowlers will be allowed to straighten their arms by up to 15 degrees - the amount visible to the naked eye. But any bowler found to have an illegal action will be suspended immediately, shortening the current review process. "This new process gives the game a sensible way forward," said ICC chief executive Malcolm Speed on Saturday. "This issue has afflicted the game for over 60 years. "Every time it comes up there are emotional reactions from people around the world based on fear and ignorance and I've no doubt we will see them all again this time."  The 15-degree limit follows an extensive research programme conducted by biomechanics experts. Previously, the levels were 10 degrees for fast bowlers and five degrees for spinners. The ICC ordered a review of its laws on throwing after several top international players, including Sri Lankan Muttiah Muralitharan, were reported for suspect actions. Muralitharan's "doosra" leg-break delivery was found to involve a flexion of 14 degrees.  An expert panel comprising Aravinda de Silva, Angus Fraser, Michael Holding, Tony Lewis, Tim May and David Richardson found that most modern bowlers broke the rules in some way. But it added that the laws to determine whether their action was legal or otherwise were murky and unworkable. "These recommendations have come from people who have played the game at the highest level and who have a deep appreciation of the issues," said ICC cricket committee chairman Sunil Gavaskar. 

Hong Kong in 2011 World Cup bid  Hong Kong is hoping to join Japan as co-host of the 2011 Rugby World Cup.  Japan has applied to host the tournament on its own, with the aim of taking it outside rugby's traditional strongholds for the first time. But Hong Kong Rugby Football Union (HKRFU) chairman John Molloy has called for the territory to host one of the pools and a quarter-final. The Japanese Rugby Football Union (JRFU) says it has yet to receive a formal presentation from the HKRFU. "At this stage, we are only considering hosting the event by ourselves," said JRFU secretary Koji Tokumasu. "We cannot examine any proposal unless we get it in a definitive form." Japan faces stiff competition in the form of South Africa and New Zealand to host the event in seven years' time.  "Until now, the World Cup has been held in countries from the Six Nations or Tri-Nations," said Tokumasu. "We think, and the IRB thinks, that it is time for rugby to go global. "Japan is ready to host the tournament and we are looking forward to welcoming the world of rugby to Japan." Tokumasu added that the 2002 football World Cup, co-hosted by Japan and South Korea, had been a huge success. "As well as having the infrastructure in place, Japan also has the commercial clout to host one of sport's top competitions," he said. Last year, Japan launched its first professional rugby league and it has the fourth largest number of registered players (125,508) in the world after England, South Africa and France. 

Parmar ruled out of Davis Cup tie  A knee injury has forced Arvind Parmar out of Great Britain's Davis Cup tie in Israel and left Alex Bogdanovic in line to take the second singles place.  Parmar picked up the injury last week and has failed to recover in time for the Europe/Africa Zone I tie, which begins in Tel Aviv on Friday. Bogdanovic looks set to take the second singles place alongside Greg Rusedski. GB captain Jeremy Bates could use 17-year-old Andrew Murray and David Sherwood in the doubles rubber. Bogdanovic and Murray both pulled out of tournaments last week through injury but are expected to be fit. Jamie Delgado and Lee Childs have been called into the squad in Tel Aviv as designated hitters for team practice but Bates has no plans to call either of them into his squad at present.  The unheralded Sherwood was the surprise inclusion when the squad was announced last week, and Bates said: "David has earned his place in this squad on the merit of his form and results over the last 12 months." The 6ft 4in Sherwood is ranked 264th in the world and the LTA have high hopes for him after Futures tournament wins in Wrexham and Edinburgh.  The Sheffield-born right-hander, aged 24, also reached another final in Plaisir, France, a week after making the semi-final in Mulhouse. Bates is glad to have Rusedski available after Tim Henman's retirement from Davis Cup tennis. "His wealth of experience is invaluable, particularly to the younger players and I know he will lead by example," Bates said. "We are looking forward to the tie. The squad are all in excellent form." 

Bekele sets sights on world mark  Olympic 10,000m champion Kenenisa Bekele is determined to add the world indoor two mile record at February's Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham.  The 22-year-old will again be chasing a record held by his compatriot and mentor Haile Gebrselassie, who set the mark at the same meeting in 2003. "I am still as hungry to do as much as I can in this sport," said Bekele. "And aiming for the two mile world record in Birmingham is the next of those targets." Gebrselassie's current record stands at eight minutes, 04.69 seconds. And Bekele is no stranger to overhauling world marks at the National Indoor Arena. The Ethiopian broke the world indoor 5,000m record on his debut at the meeting last year. Compatriots Mulugeta Wondimu, Abiyote Abate and Markos Geneti, the world indoor bronze medallist over 3000m, will race against Bekele on 18 February. The meet has already attracted a crop of Olympic talent. Britain's 800m and 1500m champion Kelly Holmes is taking part in the 1000m. Swedish heptathlon gold medallist Carolina Kluft will contest the 60m hurdles. While men's 4x100m relay gold medallists Jason Gardener and Mark Lewis-Francis will go head-to-head in the 60m. 

Harinordoquy suffers France axe  Number eight Imanol Harinordoquy has been dropped from France's squad for the Six Nations match with Ireland in Dublin on 12 March.  Harinordoquy was a second-half replacement in last Saturday's 24-18 defeat to Wales. Bourgoin lock Pascal Pape, who has recovered from a sprained ankle, returns to the 22-man squad. Wing Cedric Heymans and Ludovic Valbon come in for Aurelien Rougerie and Jean-Philippe Grandclaude.  Rougerie hurt his chest against Wales while Grandclaude was a second-half replacement against both England and Wales. Valbon, capped in last June's Tests against the United States and Canada, was a second half replacement in the win over Scotland.  France coach Bernard Laporte said Harinordoquy had been axed after a poor display last weekend. "Imanol has been dropped from the squad because the least I can say is that he didn't make a thundering comeback against Wales," said Laporte. "We know the Ireland game will be fast and rough and we also want to be able to replace both locks during the game if needed, and Gregory Lamboley can also come on at number seven or eight. "The grand slam is gone but we'll go to Ireland to win. "It will be a very exciting game because Ireland have three wins under their belt, have just defeated England and have their eyes set on a Grand Slam." France, who lost to Wales last week, must defeat the Irish to keep alive their hopes of retaining the Six Nations trophy. Ireland are unbeaten in this year's tournament and have their sights set on a first Grand Slam since 1948.  Dimitri Yachvili (Biarritz), Pierre Mignoni (Clermont), Yann Delaigue (Castres), Frederic Michalak (Stade Toulousain), Damien Traille (Biarritz), Yannick Jauzion (Stade Toulousain), Ludovic Valbon (Biarritz), Christophe Dominici (Stade Francais), Cedric Heymans (Stade Toulousain), Julien Laharrague (Brive)  Sylvain Marconnet (Stade Francais), Nicolas Mas (Perpignan), Olivier Milloud (Bourgoin), Sebastien Bruno (Sale/ENG), William Servat (Stade Toulousain), Fabien Pelous (Stade Toulousain, capt), Jerome Thion (Biarritz), Pascal Pap&#233; (Bourgoin), Gregory Lamboley (Stade Toulousain), Serge Betsen (Biarritz), Julien Bonnaire (Bourgoin), Yannick Nyanga (B&#233;ziers) 

Barkley fit for match in Ireland  England centre Olly Barkley has been passed fit for Sunday's Six Nations clash with Ireland at Lansdowne Road.  Barkley withdrew from Bath's team for Friday's clash with Gloucester after suffering a calf injury in training. Gloucester centre Henry Paul has also been cleared to play after overcoming an ankle injury. England coach Andy Robinson, who names his team on Wednesday, has called up Bath prop Duncan Bell following Phil Vickery's broken arm. With Vickery sidelined for at least six weeks and Julian White out with a neck injury, Bell could make his England debut. Bell, 30, had set his sights on an international career with Wales. But last December, the International Rugby Board confirmed that he could only be eligible for England as he had travelled on tour with them in 1998. "I thought I'd burned all my bridges with England when I expressed an interest in wanting to play for Wales, so it's fantastic to get this opportunity," he said. Bell, who featured in the England A side which beat France 30-20 10 days ago, added: "I recognise that I got into the England A squad because of injuries. "And it's the same again in getting into the senior squad. But now that I have this opportunity I intend to take it fully if selected and play my heart out for my country."  England coach Andy Robinson could take a gamble and call inexperienced Sale Sharks prop Andrew Sheridan into his front row. But Sheridan favours the loosehead side of the scrum and a more likely scenario is for uncapped Bell - who was among the try-scorers when England A beat France A 30-20 nine days ago - to be drafted in. 

Zambia confident and cautious  Zambia's technical director, Kalusha Bwalya is confident and cautious ahead of the Cosafa Cup final against Angola on Saturday in Lusaka.  Bwalya said: "Nothing short of victory will do." However Bwalya warned his side not to be too complacent. "I don't want my team to be too comfortable or too sure of victory as it is going to be a difficult game. "For me the main aim of the game is to enjoy and to win." Zambia have shown their determination to win this final by recalling nine of their foreign-based players. However the 41 year-old Bwalya, who became the oldest player to appear in the competition when he played and scored against Mauritius, is uncertain whether he will take to the field or not. The Chipolopolo fans however are not being so cautious with a 'victory' concert already scheduled for after the match featuring some of the country's top musicians. Both sides are hoping to win the competition for a record third time, and so keep the trophy for good. The Chipolopolo won the first two editions of the regional tournament for Southern African nations in 1997 and 1998. They were prevented from a third straight win by Angola who knocked out the Zambians at the semi-final stage in 1999. That victory for Angola also marked a first defeat in 14 years for Zambia at Lusaka's Independence stadium, where Saturday's game is being played. Angola named just four overseas-based players in their preliminary squad. The Palancas Negras have been unable to secure the release of many of their Portugal-based players. 

Lewsey puzzle over disallowed try  England's Josh Lewsey has claimed he was denied a late try in his side's Six Nations loss to Ireland.  The Wasps wing insisted he grounded the ball when he was bundled over the line and said referee Jonathan Kaplan had made a wrong decision. "I'm positive I touched the ball down over the line," Lewsey told BBC Sport. "It certainly wasn't a turnover. "I was driven over and I put the ball on the ground. The whistle went and I let go of the ball." Lewsey added: "One of the Irish players scooped it back after the whistle and to our surprise the referee then gave a turnover. "As far as I'm concerned, that incident and Mark Cueto's effort from Charlie Hodgson's cross-field kick that led to what looked like a good try were the two key elements in the game."  Cueto was also puzzled as to why his try had been disallowed by Kaplan. "I don't think I could have been offside for, without a doubt, I was behind the ball," said the Sale player. "The move was a planned technique, it was not off the cuff. We rehearse it time and time again. "I wouldn't say we were robbed, some decisions go with you and some go against you. Today they went against us and that's tough at international level." 

Holding slams Twenty20 'rubbish'  West Indies great Michael Holding has branded Twenty20 cricket "rubbish" as its international future is debated.  Holding refused to watch last month's Twenty20 match between Australia A and Pakistan in Adelaide. He told The Voice: "It saddens me to hear people say that it is a real contest between bat and ball. How can simple slogging be good cricket? "It might have a place in domestic cricket but should never be introduced as an international competition."  The International Cricket Council chief executives' committee is to discuss the new format, which has proved a massive success at domestic level, in Melbourne on Friday. Twenty20 cricket, which features games lasting less that three hours, was first launched in county cricket in 2002. It has since taken off domestically in South Africa, and Australia are planning a state competition next January. New Zealand will stage the first men's international against Australia next month, and the Aussies are to play England at the Rose Bowl in June. However, Holding has told his television employers he does not want to commentate on the shortened game. "What is the point of telling youngsters to watch the game but not to copy the players' techniques?" he continued. "There is nothing good about Twenty20 cricket. People who disagree don't know what they are talking about." 

England on brink of defeat  Tour match, Potchefstroom, day three of three (rain): England 225 & 190 v South Africa A 281 & 101-3  After Martin van Jaarsveld was removed for a duck in the first over, Andrew Puttick made 45 with seven fours. But he and Justin Ontong, who hit four fours in 23, fell in consecutive overs after a break for lightning, and with 34 needed to win, heavy rain arrived. England were dismissed for 190, adding 36, Michael Vaughan ninth out after two more fours and a six en route to 100. With the home side moving serenely at 70-1, faint hopes of an escape for England arrived in the form of a violent clap of thunder, which took the players off the field. Lightning struck a field next to the ground, but there was no rain and play resumed within 10 minutes. It did have a beneficial effect for the tourists as two wickets fell within six balls.  Puttick was caught behind and Ontong hooked Steve Harmison to the fine-leg boundary, where Ashley Giles took an impressive running catch to his left. Vaughan began the day on 82 not out, his team 98 ahead with three wickets intact. He signalled his intentions in the very first over with a four through mid-on and a six over long-on from the spin of Ontong. Hopes of a long partnership with county colleague Matthew Hoggard were ended in the fourth over of the morning when the seamer was caught at second slip, having failed to add to his overnight three. Having pulled Charl Willoughby through mid-wicket for four and clipped him away to reach three figures, Vaughan chased a wide one from the left-armer end edged to keeper Mark Boucher. He spent 226 minutes at the crease and faced 151 balls.  ME Trescothick, MP Vaughan (Capt), AJ Strauss, MA Butcher, GP Thorpe, A Flintoff, GO Jones (Wkt), AF Giles, SP Jones, SJ Harmison, MJ Hoggard.  Ashwell Prince (Capt), Justin Ontong, Mark Boucher (Wkt), JP Duminy, Charl Langeveldt, Ethy Mbhalati, Albie Morkel, Andrew Puttick, Alfonso Thomas, Martin van Jaarsveld, Charl Willoughby. 

Real will finish abandoned match  Real Madrid and Real Socieded will play the final six minutes of their match, which was abandoned on Sunday because of a bomb scare.  The Bernabeu was evacuated with the score at 1-1 and two minutes of normal time remaining in the game. The teams will now play the final two minutes, plus four minutes of injury time, on 5 January. Brazilian Ronaldo and England captain David Beckham had to wait in the street in their kit after the abandonment. Real Sociedad president Jose Luis Astiazaran said: "We thought the best thing was to play the time remaining."  Hundreds of fans streamed across the pitch on their way to the exits after the game was called off. Tourists and fans took advantage of the opportunity for a photograph between the famous stadium's goalposts. The two clubs met the Spanish FA on Monday and Astiazaran added: "We thought about giving the game as concluded but after talking with the FA we decided there was no precedent for that and the best thing was to play the time that was remaining." Real Madrid director of sport Emilio Butragueno praised the spectators inside the ground for their conduct. "I'd like to highlight the behaviour of the fans, who showed great maturity and it was an example of good citizenship," he said. Butragueno confirned, before confirming that Tuesday's charity match - which has been billed as "Ronaldo's friends against Zidane's friends" - will go ahead as planned. "I'd also like to take the chance to say that tomorrow's game will take place," Butragueno declared of the "Partido contra la Pobreza" (Game Against Poverty). He added: "Football is important for society and we want to show that. "We also think that football should be a fiesta, we had programmed and people deserve to enjoy the game." 

Henman overcomes rival Rusedski  Tim Henman saved a match point before fighting back to defeat British rival Greg Rusedski 4-6 7-6 (8-6) 6-4 at the Dubai Tennis Championships on Tuesday.  World number 46 Rusedski broke in the ninth game to take a tight opening set. Rusedski had match point at 6-5 in the second set tie-break after Henman double-faulted, but missed his chance and Henman rallied to clinch the set. The British number one then showed his superior strength to take the decider and earn his sixth win over Rusedski. Serve was held by both players with few alarms until the seventh game of the final set, when Rusedski's wild volley gave Henman a vital break. A furious Rusedski slammed his racket onto the ground in disgust and was warned by the umpire.  Henman, seeded three, then held his serve comfortably thanks to four serve-and-volley winners to take a clear 5-3 lead. Rusedski won his service game but Henman took the first of his three match points with a service winner to secure his place in the second round at Dubai for the first time in three years. It was the first match between the pair for three years - Henman last lost to Rusedski six years ago - and lasted two hours and 40 minutes. The pair are now likely to only face each other on court as rivals - rather than as team-mates - after Henman decided to retire from Davis Cup tennis leaving Rusedski to lead the team out against Israel on 4-6 March. Henman, who now faces Russian Igor Andreev in the last 16, admitted afterwards it was difficult coming up against his compatriot on a fast surface. "You just take it point by point when you're fighting to stay in the match," he said. "I had to keep playing aggressively and competing to get a chance. "I now have to recover in time for the next match because the body doesn't recover as quick as it used to, especially after two hours and 40 minutes." 

El Guerrouj targets cross country  Double Olympic champion Hicham El Guerrouj is set to make a rare appearance at the World Cross Country Championships in France.  But the Moroccan, who has not raced over cross country for 15 years, will not decide until two weeks before the event which starts on 19 March. "If I am to compete in it, it is only if I feel I can win," said the 30-year-old, who is retiring in 2006. "Otherwise there is not much point in me going." El Guerrouj achieved a lifetime ambition last August when he clinched his first Olympic titles over 1500m and 5,000m. But the four-time world 1500m champion is still hungry for more success before calling time on his career. The 30-year-old has set his sights on clinching the world 5,000m crown in Helsinki this summer. And he is aiming to break 10,000m Olympic champion Kenenisa Bekele's 5,000m and 10,000m world records.  El Guerrouj could meet Bekele in March as the Ethiopian is the defending world cross country champion over both the long and short courses. But the Moroccan will not commit himself to the St Galmier event until he assesses how well his winter training is going. "The return to training was very difficult because I accepted a lot of invitations these past few months," said El Guerrouj. "I am almost a month behind but I am on the right track."    - Britain's Paula Radcliffe has also not ruled out competing in the World Cross Country Championships. "I haven't quite decided what events I will compete in prior to London but the World Cross Country is an event which is also special to me and is a definite possibility," said the two-time champion. 

Bomb threat at Bernabeu stadium  Spectators were evacuated from Real Madrid's Bernabeu stadium on Sunday following a bomb scare during the game between the hosts and Real Sociedad.  More than 70,000 people abandoned the ground with the score at 1-1 and only three minutes left to play. The Basque newspaper Gara apparently received a telephone call saying a bomb was due to explode at 2100 local time. But after searching the stadium with sniffer dogs, the police said that no explosive device had been found.  "The police have said they have completed their search and have not found anything," said Real Madrid president Florentino Perez. "The best thing we can all do now is to put this nightmare behind us." Madrid midfielder Guti told private Spanish radio station Cadena Ser: "I have never seen this before and sport should be above it all." Real took the lead just before the break when Brazilian striker Ronaldo cracked home with his left foot. Sociedad levelled the match midway through the second half when Turkish striker Nihat Kahveci smashed home with an acrobatic finish. It is not yet clear if the remaining three minutes of the game will be played at a later date or if the result will be allowed to stand.  If the result remains at 1-1, Real will drop to third place in the standings, 11 points behind leaders Barcelona, who snatched a late 2-1 win at Albacete on Saturday. Initial reports suggested the Basque separatist group ETA may be responsible for the bomb threat after issuing similar warnings before a series of small explosions in recent days. The Bernabeu was targeted by ETA on 1 May, 2002, when Madrid were about to play FC Barcelona in a Champions League semi-final. A car bomb exploded in a street outside the stadium and 17 people were slightly injured. 

Rusedski angry over supplements  Greg Rusedski has criticised the governing body of men's tennis for not releasing contamination-free supplements in time for the new season.  Rusedski said: "I tried to order some but didn't receive any and I haven't got any yet. "You would think they would have been available in December as it can take two months for the body to respond. "This event comes in the hottest period of the year, so you would hope the stuff would be available for it." The British number two escaped a possible ban last year when he persuaded a tribunal that a positive doping test was the result of contaminated ATP supplements. In response, the ATP struck a deal with pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline to provide contamination-free drinks and nutritional bars for the men's tour.  David Higdon, Vice President of the ATP, admitted: "I agree with Greg. "I would have loved to have had these things available as soon as possible but it's a lot of work to make sure they have gone through rigorous testing. "The reality is though that the first two weeks of the tour are spread far and wide and part of the distribution agreement we had with GSK has an education component. "We weren't going to just drop these products out there without having a talk with the players about understanding how to use them.  "The first chance we will get to do that is at the players meeting on the Saturday before the Australian Open." And Rusedski, who takes on Roger Federer at the Qatar Open later on Wednesday, conceded that the imminent changes will be beneficial. "The good thing is that there is now a 100% guarantee, so hopefully all this will never happen again," said Rusedski. "Hopefully after the Australian Open we won't have to discuss this any more." 

Venus stunned by Farina Elia  Venus Williams suffered a first-round defeat for the first time in four years at the Dubai Championships.  Sylvia Farina Elia, who had lost all nine of her previous meetings with the American fifth seed, won 7-5 7-6 (8-6). Former Wimbledon champion Conchita Martinez and India's Sania Mirza, the oldest and youngest players in the draw, also reached the second round. Martinez, 32, beat Shinobu Asagoe 6-4 6-4 and 18-year-old Mirza beat Jelena Kostanic 6-7 (7-2) 6-4 6-1. Mirza, the first Indian woman to win a WTA Tour title this month on home ground at Hyderabad, will now face US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.  But she is remaining confident. "She (Kuznetsova) is a great player," she said. "But everyone is beatable and I am looking forward to a great match." Williams though blamed her defeat by Farina Elia on injuries. "Blisters were a factor, but mostly my stomach wasn't that great," she said. "I did it in the last tournament in the semi-finals, and I was serving at 40% in the final. "The first time I served again was Sunday and there wasn't a lot I could do out there. When your serve isn't good it throws the rest of your game off too." She will wait to see how she recovers before deciding whether to take part in the Nasdaq-100 Open in Miami, starting on 21 March. 

Souness eyes summer move for Owen  Newcastle boss Graeme Souness is lining up a summer move for England and Real Madrid striker Michael Owen.  He sees Owen as the ideal replacement for Alan Shearer, who is due to retire in the summer, although he hopes to persuade Shearer to carry on. "Michael is in the category of players who would excite the fans and we're monitoring him," he told BBC Newcastle. "He is a great centre-forward and only 25 but I don't think we're the only ones monitoring the situation at Real." Souness has also hinted he thinks Shearer may carry on despite his stated intent to retire at the end of the season. He believes the prospect of breaking Jackie Milburn's club scoring record may influence the striker's decision.  Milburn scored 200 league and cup goals between 1946 and 1957, while Shearer currently has 187 goals to his name. "Without giving too much away, I am confident he will be here next season," said Souness. "I can't imagine him leaving without breaking Jackie Milburn's scoring record." Souness also revealed he tried to bring back Nolberto Solano during the January transfer window. The Peruvian international was sold to Aston Villa a year ago but in the phone-in for BBC Newcastle, Souness said tried to re-sign him, but Villa were not interested in selling.  The former Rangers and Liverpool boss is also looking to bring in a number of new acquisitions once the current campaign has been completed. "I'm after three, four or five new players in the summer - we have got lots of targets," he said. "Don't think we will wait to the last day of the season to say: `Who are we going to target now?"' 

Wilson back in Kiwi cricket squad  Former All Blacks winger Jeff Wilson is back in the New Zealand cricket squad after a 12-year absence.  Wilson has been included by the Kiwis to face a World XI in a one-day series in aid of the tsunami victims. His last outing for the national team was in 1993 when he gave up cricket to concentrate on his rugby union career, which came to an end in 2002. "Now that I have this chance I am looking forward to getting in there and making the most of it," said Wilson. Wilson had set his sights on returning to the New Zealand side after resuming domestic first class cricket and team coach John Bracewell has said the one-day matches are a chance for the ex-All Blacks winger to re-establish himself.  "His match turning ability is undoubted and we just need to see if he can step up to this level again," said NZ coach Bracewell. "The selectors have watched Jeff and have no doubt that he is a dynamic cricketer." In March 1993, Wilson played four one day international matches against Australia. He scored a match-winning 44 not out in the final game of the series before concentrating on rugby union after making his debut for the All Blacks later that year. Wilson takes the place of fast bowler Ian Butler, who is suffering from a bulging disc in his back. The limited-overs series against a World XI side being led by Australian leg spinner Shane Warne begins in Christchurch on 22 January with the two other matches taking place in Wellington on 24 January and Hamilton on 26 January. More than 9,000 tickets were sold on the first day of them being made available. "Given the very limited lead-time for these matches, we obviously need the public to respond quickly and today has given us a good start," said New Zealand Cricket marketing manager Peter Dwan.  Stephen Fleming (captain), Nathan Astle, Chris Cairns, Hamish Marshall, Brendon McCullum, Kyle Mills, Jacob Oram, Mathew Sinclair, Scott Styris, Daryl Tuffey, Daniel Vettori, Jeff Wilson. 

Kallis keen on Glamorgan return  South Africa's star batsman Jacques Kallis says he would relish a return to county cricket with Glamorgan.  "I want a break after the West Indies tour, but in the future I want to return to county cricket and Glamorgan are my first choice," said Kallis. "I thoroughly enjoyed my time in Cardiff and hope to go back." The 29-year-old, rated the number-one batsman in the world after a stunning year, spent a successful season with the Welsh county in 1999. He has starred for South Africa in the series with England, averaging 60.85 with the bat, but knows he has a job to do with his side 2-1 down heading into the final Test in Pretoria. "We're under a lot more pressure than England, but we're determined to draw the series," Kallis told BBC Sport Wales. "England did it to us in the final Test of the last series between the sides, now it's our turn to come out and win the game. "Losing the last Test was very frustrating. The batting let us down, to get bowled out in two sessions on that type of wicket was not good enough. "We'd played good cricket until then and felt we'd had the chance to win the game." Despite his desire to return to county cricket in the future, Kallis admitted that the demands of the international game were taking its toll and called for a reassessment of the fixture calendar. He is keen to carry on with his bowling, though, and still sees his future as an all-rounder. "I enjoy my bowling," he said, "I've worked hard on it and hope to keep it going for a few years yet." 

Russell to instruct keeper Jones  Former England and Gloucestershire wicket-keeper Jack Russell has been called in to give coaching to current national team gloveman Geraint Jones.  Jones did not have the best of tours in South Africa, dropping catches and conceding too many byes. Now England coach Duncan Fletcher has sought out the 54-Test veteran. Russell told the Daily Express: "Duncan and captain Michael Vaughan have asked me to build a relationship with Geraint and give him whatever help he needs." The pair have already worked closely but Russell will be heavily involved as the countdown to the Ashes begins. He said: "Geraint has got the ability to play 100 Tests for England. He has the right attitude.  "People have to remember he is still quite raw. There are some things we need to work out but it's just a case of smoothing out a few rough edges. "In terms of winning the Ashes, he has got an important role to play. He can do some real damage and I've no doubt he has the stomach for a fight. Meanwhile, Steve Harmison has reflected on his even more disappointing tour of South Africa. Harmison told the News of the World: "It was high intensity, high pressure cricket for the whole tour and that's mentally and physically draining. "It certainly wasn't the best environment in which to hit a bad patch." 

Gerrard plays down European hopes  Steven Gerrard has admitted that Liverpool have little chance of winning the Champions League this season.  The 24-year-old Reds skipper spoke out ahead of Tuesday's first leg at home to Bayer Leverkusen in the last 16, which he will miss through suspension. "Let's be realistic, there are some fantastic teams left in the Champions League," he told BBC Radio Five Live. "We are just going to try to stay in as long as possible but we realise that maybe it is not our year this year." Gerrard has made no secret of his desire to be involved in Europe's premier club competition.  Last season he described qualification for the Champions League as the "be all and end all" - and rumours persist that he will leave Anfield if the Reds fail to secure a place in the competition. He has consistently been linked with a move away from Liverpool, with Chelsea the favourites to snap up the England midfielder. And Blues boss Jose Mourinho backed Gerrard's view that Rafael Benitez's team could struggle to progress this season. "Rafa has still time in front of him to build an even better team, maybe he's a little bit behind (right now)," he told BBC Radio Five Live.  Gerrard, who fired Liverpool into the last 16 of this season's competition with a brilliant goal in December's win over Olympiakos, insisted he was still fully focused on helping Liverpool to glory this season. The Reds are currently fifth in the Premiership table, five points off the crucial fourth spot, which brings Champions League qualification - and they face Chelsea in Sunday's Carling Cup final. "It's big couple of months for Liverpool," he added. "We're fighting for the fourth spot for the Champions League for next season but we are still involved in two cup competitions, which are very important. "We are confident we can upset Chelsea in the Carling Cup final and get to the last eight of the Champions League because, financially, it is big for the club and, personally for myself, it is very good." 

Mourinho defiant on Chelsea form  Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has insisted that Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger would swap places with him.  Mourinho's side were knocked out of the FA Cup by Newcastle last Sunday before seeing Barcelona secure a 2-1 Champions League first-leg lead in the Nou Camp. But he denied his club was suffering a dip in form which league rivals Arsenal and Manchester United could exploit. "They cannot speak to us about blips because they're not in a better position than us," Mourinho said. "Do they want to change positions with us? We are top of the league by nine points and in the Carling Cup final. "The only thing they can say they are in a better position than us in is the FA Cup. "In the Champions League all three teams can either go through or go out but the one team that is in the best position is still Chelsea."  Mourinho said it was important to keep his team's results in perspective. "Don't try to put pressure on me because I am never under pressure," he warned. "We have lost one important game this week - at Newcastle - and we're out of the FA Cup but I don't think a defeat in a first-leg tie is a real defeat. We are just 2-1 down at half-time." Asked if his Chelsea honeymoon was now over, Mourinho replied: "I have had 20 years of honeymoons with my wife. "The day that this club is not happy with me is the day that I go." 

Greek sprinters suspended by IAAF  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have been suspended after failing to take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.  Athletics' ruling body the IAAF said explanations from the pair and their former coach as to why they missed the tests were "unacceptable". It added that Kenteris and Thanou had been "provisionally suspended pending the resolution of their cases". They face two-year bans if found guilty by the Greek Athletics Federation. The suspension also covers the athletes' controversial coach, Christos Tzekos. Kenteris, the 2000 Olympic 200m champion, and Thanou, the women's 100m silver medallist from the same Games in Sydney, also face a criminal hearing in Greece over the missed tests. They failed to appear to give samples in Chicago and Tel Aviv shortly before the Athens Games and again in Athens on 12 August, the eve of the opening ceremony. Greek prosecutors have also charged them with faking a midnight motorcycle crash which led to them spending four days in hospital. Some medical staff have been charged with writing false medical reports. Wednesday's statement said the Greek Federation (SEGAS) would convene a disciplinary hearing for the trio to determine whether there had been doping violations.  "There will be a final right of appeal from the decision of the Greek Federation to the Court of Arbitration for Sport," the IAAF said. Tzekos insisted he and the runners had nothing to hide. "The IAAF's decision means nothing," he said. "We'll be presenting all our arguments to SEGAS - we're innocent." 

Santini resigns as Spurs manager  Tottenham manager Jacques Santini has resigned for "personal reasons".  The former France manager moved to White Hart Lane this summer but now wants to return to France. Santini said: "My time at Tottenham has been memorable and it is with deep regret that I take my leave. I wish the club and the supporters all the best. "Private issues in my personal life have arisen which caused my decision. I very much hope that the wonderful fans will respect my decision." He added: "I should like to thank (sporting director) Frank Arnesen and (chairman) Daniel Levy for their understanding." Assistant coach Martin Jol has been put in temporary charge and will take care of team affairs for Saturday's Premiership match against Charlton.  Arnesen said the club were sad to see Santini go: "We are obviously disappointed that Jacques is leaving us. We fully respect his decision. "I can assure you that the club will act swiftly to minimise the impact of Jacques' departure. "Our priority is to ensure that this season's performance remains unaffected by this move. "I shall make a further statement on Monday, clarifying our position. We wish Jacques well." 

Ireland happy with new C&G format  Ireland will be guaranteed nine C&G Trophy matches from 2006 when the competition changes from straight knock-out to a league format.  And skipper Jason Molins said the new structure was a great boost to the development of Irish cricket. "It is something we have been pushing for. We need to play more often as a unit and against better opposition," said the Irish captain. "The opportunity to play this sort of cricket is really exciting." The new competition will be played in the first half of the season, apart from the final, and Ireland will be in the Southern Conference with nine first-class counties.  Scotland have been invited to take part in the Northern section. "World cricket at the moment is eight or nine tams playing one-day internationals," added Molins. "If Ireland want to aspire to that level we have got to be playing more one-day matches against good teams. "Irish cricket has invested heavily in a national coach and chief executive. We need to be playing more games. "Ireland have a lot of young players coming through and this will help give them a platform and more profile."  - As part of Ireland&#191;s preparation for the ICC Trophy in July , the Irish Cricket Union have secured a fixture against the current English county champions Warwickshire. The match will be played at Edgbaston on Sunday 24 April. 

Real in talks over Gravesen move  Real Madrid are closing in on a £2m deal for Everton's Thomas Gravesen after the Dane's agent travelled to Spain to hold talks about a move.  John Sivabaek told BBC Sport: "I'm here to listen to what Real have to say. Nothing has been agreed, but this is a big opportunity for any player." The 28-year-old's contract expires in the summer, but Real want a quick deal. Sivabaek added: "I will be meeting Real on Wednesday. There is serious interest, but it is Everton's hands." Everton must decide whether to cash in now on the Denmark midfield man, or risk losing him for nothing in the summer. Manager David Moyes has defiantly claimed that he expects Gravesen to still be at Everton when the transfer window closes at the end of January.  Moyes said: "I speak to Tommy regularly and we know where we are at. "There's been no contact. We don't want to lose him." Real Madrid general manager Arrigo Sacchi is the driving force behind the move, convincing vice-president Emilio Butragueno and new coach Wanderley Luxemburgo that Gravesen is the right man for the Bernabeu. Everton must weigh up whether it is worth taking the money on offer for Real and risk their own ambitions for European football. Gravesen has been outstanding as Everton have established themselves in the Premiership's top four this season. 

Hodges announces rugby retirement  Scarlets and USA Eagles forward Dave Hodges has ended his playing career to pursue a coaching role in the States.  The 36-year-old, who has 54 caps, was Llanelli's player of the season in 2001/2, but has battled injury for the last two of his seven years at Stradey. He tore a pectoral muscle against the Ospreys on Boxing Day, an injury that would have kept him out for the season. "Realising I would be unable to play this season, the club and I agreed to end my contract early," said Hodges.  "It allows me to move back to the US and pursue opportunities there and allows the Scarlets to look to the next generation." The Scarlets have begun to rebuild their squad for next season after a disappointing Heineken Cup campaign, with plenty more signings and departures expected in the coming weeks.  Scarlets chief executive Stuart Gallacher confirmed that 17 of the current squad would be out of contract in the summer. "We have a deliberate policy whereby around half the squad are coming out of contract and they know they won't all be re-signed, it's a chance to invigorate the squad," he said. "I'm positive about the future of the Scarlets both on and off the field." Gallacher was keen to pay tribute to the role back-five forward Hodges has played at Stradey Park, though. "David has been a highly influential member of our squad for seven years," said Gallacher. "He is a real professional and we thank him for the part he has played in our success. "I am sure he has an enormous contribution to make to the development of rugby in the US and we wish him and his family well." Hodges described his years at Stradey as "the best time of my life." 

FA ready to test out goal bleeper  The Football Association may volunteer to test a new goal-line bleeper when the game's bosses meet this weekend.  The technology will be presented at the annual meeting of the International FA Board (IFAB), made up of Fifa and the four home nation associations. The bleeper-type system alerts the referee when the ball, containing a micro-chip, crosses the goal-line. There have been calls for the technology after Tottenham had a goal controversially disallowed last month. Spurs were denied a winner against Manchester United, despite Pedro Mendes' effort crossing the line. Mendes' speculative strike from the halfway line comfortably crossed the goal-line after an error from United keeper Roy Carroll.  But with the referee and assistant referee unable to get a proper view of the incident, the 'goal' was not given. This latest breakthrough in electronic aids could help referees avoid situations like this in future. If it impresses the IFAB, then the Football League are likely to experiment with the new technology. FA executive director David Davies said: "We will be very interested to see this presentation - it's true we have been more interested in the use of technology than other members of the board. "But this is not video technology, the referee will have a direct link with this form of technology rather than having to rely on a fourth official or video back-up. "Whether this form of technology will find wider support than previous efforts remains to be seen but if there was enthusiasm I'm sure we would seriously discuss with our leagues whether they would be interested in this sort of innovation." The Football League have already made one offer to Fifa to test out goal-line technology and spokesman John Nagle confirmed: "That offer is still on the table." The presentation to the IFAB by adidas will need to persuade Fifa president Sepp Blatter, especially as he has always resisted bringing technology into the game. 

IAAF to rule on Greek sprint pair  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are expected to find out on Wednesday if they will be banned for missing drugs tests this summer.  The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) council held a conference call on Tuesday and are set to announce their decision. Kenteris and Thanou could be suspended for up to two years. The duo withdrew from the Olympics after missing a test but claimed they had suffered a motorcycle crash. The Greek authorities have also brought criminal charges against the sprinters for avoiding a drugs test and faking an accident. Their former coach Christos Tzekos is also facing charges and all three are awaiting a trial date.  However, the IAAF will determine the sprinters' future on the track after carefully considering all the evidence. The sport's ruling body is expected to direct the Greek federation in what action it should take against the sprinters. Kenteris and Thanou can appeal against any decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The sprinters both sent written explanations to the IAAF, which have been taken into account. The IAAF sent an official warning to the sprinters and coach Tzekos after they were discovered training in Qatar rather than in Crete, where they had said they would be. But Kenteris and Thanou then went on to skip tests in Tel Aviv and Chicago, when they decided to fly back to Greece early. Just before the Olympics, the pair dramatically missed another test in Athens before withdrawing from the Games. Kenteris, 31, won gold in the 200m at the Sydney Olympics in 2000, where Thanou, 29, won silver in the 100m. 

Pietersen handed one-day call-up  Kevin Pietersen has been added to the England squad for the forthcoming one-day series in South Africa.  The Hampshire batsman, who was born in South Africa, made his England debut in Zimbabwe last November. "It is prudent to add him to the squad as the team face seven one-day internationals in 15 days," said chairman of selectors David Graveney. "His inclusion will give the captain and coach another option if the side requires a different balance." Pietersen spent four years qualifying to play for England after beginning his career in South African provincial cricket with KwaZulu-Natal. He was a prolific scorer in four seasons with Nottinghamshire and was the star of the England A tour to India early last year when he scored three centuries. His introduction to the senior side came on the controversial tour to Zimbabwe, where he showed his potential with an innings of 77 not out off 76 balls in the second match as England achieved a 4-0 clean sweep. But he can except a rough ride from South Africa, whose skipper Graeme Smith accused Pietersen of running out "when things got tough" in a magazine interview last autumn. "If he didn't want to be here, then we don't want him here," Smith was quoted as saying. "We all know that South Africa went through a transformation that wasimportant for our country. "We had to come from apartheid and move on; there was always going to be a difficult stage. We all went through it and some fantastic cricketers haveemerged." The one-day series starts in Johannesburg on 30 January, three days after England's sole warm-up game against South Africa A.  M Vaughan (capt), Kabir Ali, J Anderson, G Batty, I Bell, P Collingwood, A Flintoff, A Giles, D Gough, S Harmison, G Jones (wkt), K Pietersen, V Solanki, A Strauss, M Trescothick, A Wharf. 

Keegan hails comeback king Fowler  Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan has praised striker Robbie Fowler for his landmark return to form.  The 29-year-old, out of favour at City earlier this season, took his Premiership goal tally past 150 with a brace in Monday's 3-2 win at Norwich. "He is still a quality player and knows where the net is - we have just got to supply him with ammunition and, in the end, we did," Keegan said. "He has worked hard to get back to where he is now." The former Liverpool striker, who moved to City in 2003 after a poor stint at Leeds, has battled back into first-team contention after struggling with fitness at the start of the season.  Fowler overtook Les Ferdinand on Tuesday evening to become the third highest scorer of all time in the Premiership, with 151 goals, and he only trails Alan Shearer (250) and Andy Cole (173). And Keegan believes there is still more to come from the former England forward. "He can get better if we can supply him better," added Keegan. "People want to write him off but if he has kept the articles of those people who have written him off he could throw them back at them and they would be left with a bit of egg on their face." Fowler's double strike helped City come back from two goals down to clinch a dramatic win at Carrow Road and Keegan sympathised with Norwich boss Nigel Worthington afterwards. "I feel a bit for Nigel Worthington," he said. "His team have got great character, they have a lot of drive and enthusiasm. "I know it is a killer blow for Norwich but I really think they have brought something to the Premiership. "The stadium and the atmosphere is great, it is just a tough league to stay in - as they are finding out and as we know." 

Bookies pay out on Spurs 'goal'  A bookmaker will pay out to punters who bet on Pedro Mendes to score the first goal in Tottenham's controversial game against Manchester United.  The match at Old Trafford finished goalless after Mendes' long-range shot was fumbled by home keeper Roy Carroll. TV replays showed the ball went over the line, but the incident was missed by the referee and his assistant. William Hill is to honour bets on 20-1 chance Mendes to score first, although rival firm Ladbrokes will not. Hills spokesman Graham Sharpe admitted only a handful of customers had backed Mendes to score first. Bets struck at 11-2 on Mendes to score at anytime during the match will also be settled. "We have decided to pay out to - the admittedly few - customers who would have definitely been on a winner had the goal been given as it quite obviously should have been," said Sharpe. Meanwhile, Paddy Power bookmakers will refund all losing bets on Spurs to win the match.  The Irish firm is now offering odds of just 7-2 that a video referee is used in the 2005 FA Cup final. But not everyone will be celebrating, with Britain's biggest bookmaker Ladbrokes refusing to bend the rules. "As much as we sympathise with punters who backed Spurs, the referee's decision is final," said spokesman Balthazar Fabricius. "Besides which, if we were to pay out on bad refereeing decisions, we'd be paying out every week. We want better refereeing as much as punters do." And the William Hill concession does not apply to correct score or outright bet results. "No-one can say for sure what the final score would have been had the Mendes goal been allowed - after all, in the past United have scored twice in the final minute of a match," said Sharpe. 

Radcliffe will compete in London  Paula Radcliffe will compete in the Flora London Marathon this year after deciding her schedule for 2005.  The 31-year-old won the race in 2002 on her marathon debut, defended her title 12 months later and will now seek a third title in the 17 April race. "It doesn't get any better than this for the 25th anniversary," said race director David Bedford. "After announcing the greatest men's field ever we now have the greatest women's distance runner ever." Three years ago Radcliffe smashed the women's world record in two hours 18 minutes 15 seconds.  The Bedford star returned to London 12 months later, lowering her mixed-race world record of 2:17:18, which she set in Chicago in October 2003, by one minute 53 secs. Radcliffe's career took a setback when she failed to complete the Olympic marathon and later dropped out of the Athens 10,000m last August. But the 31-year-old bounced back to win the New York Marathon in November. Radcliffe, however, passed up the chance to go for the "Big City" marathon grand slam. With wins in Chicago, London and New York, only the Boston Marathon remains to be conquered but that takes place a day after London. "Boston is definitely a race I want to do at some point, but London is very special to me," said Radcliffe. "I don't pick races thinking about things like pressure. I pick the ones in my heart I really want to do. "I love the atmosphere, crowds and course and know it will always be a great quality race. "It is also the 25th anniversary this year which adds to the occasion." 

Uefa threat over foreign quotas  Uefa has warned clubs planning to ignore its proposal for quotas of homegrown players in squads.  From 2006-07 teams must submit a 25-man 'A' squad with at least two players from the club academy and two others from the same national association. Clubs may be punished with reduced squads if they refuse to comply, although Uefa has ruled out legal action against offending clubs. Arsenal had 16 overseas players for Monday's game with Crystal Palace. After the plan is introduced for the 2006-07 season the figures will rise by one for each of the next two seasons. So by 2008-09 the squad will have to contain four academy players and four others from the team's country. "The sanction is fairly simple - if you don't have the four and four for 2008-09, your squad will be cut by the number of players that do not meet the criteria," said Uefa spokesman William Gaillard. At present the ruling is only going to apply to Uefa competitions, but in April a Uefa Congress in Estonia will vote on whether to implement the measures in domestic competitions as well. But the Premier League say it is "extremely unlikely" it would be implemented in England. Arsenal chairman Peter Hill-Wood has made shrugged off criticism of Wenger's team selection, and told the Evening Standard he was happy with how things were at the club. "For me, the nationality of any player who plays for the club is not an issue," he said. "If you have good enough players then it does not matter from which country they come. "These days, the world is smaller. We have young players from all over the world in our youth set-up. "The world of football is changing, and there are some people who don't like things to change. 

Roddick to face Saulnier in final  Andy Roddick will play Cyril Saulnier in the final of the SAP Open in San Jose on Sunday.  The American top seed and defending champion overcame Germany's Tommy Haas, the third seed, 7-6 (7-3) 6-3. "I was feeling horrible earlier in the week," Roddick said. "I thought tonight was a step in the right direction." Saulnier battled to a 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 6-3 win over seventh seed Jurgen Melzer, who twisted his ankle early in the second set. Roddick won the last four points of the first-set tie-break before being broken at the start of the second set. But he broke straight back and then broke Haas again to lead 4-2. "It's extremely frustrating when you have chances against a top-five player and don't do anything with them," admitted Haas. "I rushed a few backhands and he took advantage." Saulnier will move into the world's top 50 for the first time after his passage through to the final. "It's taken a lot of work and a lot of fighting in my mind," he revealed. "Sometimes I didn't believe I could get to a final and now I am here. I've stayed mentally strong. "I'm on the way. I'll keep fighting and work a lot and I'll be up there." 

Johnson accuses British sprinters  Former Olympic champion Michael Johnson has accused Britain's top sprinters of lacking pride and ambition.  "At the moment, the biggest factor on the mind of British sprinters is to be number one in Britain," the world 200m and 400m record holder told Five Live. "Athletics at the moment is all about international competitions and they need to show a little more pride." However, Linford Christie countered: "It's easy to criticise when you haven't gone through the system here." Johnson was involved in a verbal spat with Britain's Darren Campbell earlier this year. The American had cast doubt on Campbell's claims he had torn a hamstring in the wake of his failure to reach the Olympic 100m and 200m finals.  And the American remains highly critical of aspects of British sprinting. "The only time you see British sprinters getting upset or riled is when there is a debate as to which one is better than the other," he claimed. "Athletes here have to compete more outside the UK. Their focus has to be on being the best in the world and not just on being the top British sprinter." Speaking at an elite coaches' conference in Birmingham, Johnson also argued that although there has been more investment in the sport in Britain, it had not necessarily reaped the rewards. "You can't fix everything with money," he admitted. "You contrast the situation here to that of some US athletes who have no funding. "Those who aren't funded might be hungrier and more motivated because their road to success is a lot more difficult and challenging. "So when they get to the top they are more appreciative." 

Mourinho expects fight to finish  Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho expects the Champions League clash with Barcelona to be a fight to the finish.  Mourinho is relishing the first leg of the tie against his former club in the last 16 in the Nou Camp. He said: "I wouldn't be surprised if nothing had been decided by the last minute of the return leg and the match had to go into extra time. "I have to defend what is mine and the Champions League is mine at the moment. I'm the last manager to have won it." Mourinho never coached Barcelona, assisting both Sir Bobby Robson and Louis van Gaal. But he is not envious, insisting: "I don't have to be jealous about Barcelona because they have 100 years of history and have won the European Cup once.  "I have been managing for five years and I have the same amount of Champions League trophies to my name." Barcelona star Ronaldinho admitted: "I think that it is going to be a difficult match for us because Chelsea have a good team full of big stars. "I have seen Chelsea a few times on television, tactically they are very good and they are very strong on the counter-attack. "They pressure very well and keep possession of the ball so it will be important that we play our own game. "I believe they are the two strongest teams in Europe. Nevertheless, Barcelona are accustomed to playing big games at the Nou Camp, where they have to face the likes of Real Madrid each season. "It is a special game, the atmosphere in the city changes, there are lots of journalists but inside the dressing room there is not a lot of difference," Ronaldinho added. "We are only thinking of winning the match with all respect to the opposition." 

Union to contest Vaughan penalty  The hefty fine imposed on England captain Michael Vaughan during the fourth Test against South Africa is to be challenged by his players' union.  Vaughan lost his match fee of £5,500 after referee Clive Lloyd ruled he was wrong to complain about "inconsistent" umpiring on the second day. The captain felt the umpires erred over whether to play during poor light. PCA chief executive Richard Bevan said: "To impose a 100% fine is ridiculous and taken out of all proportion."  Vaughan was charged with a breach of level two of the International Cricket Council's code of conduct. There are four levels of offences ranging from one to four with four being the most serious. Only those punished for level three or four offences have the opportunity to contest. "If they are going to impose the maximum fine they must allow an appeal procedure," Bevan continued. "We will be calling the ICC and if we don't receive some common sense we will consider legal action under European Laws." Vaughan made the comments after umpires Steve Bucknor and Aleem Dar ended the second day because of bad light, even though Vaughan, who was at the crease at the time, wanted to go on.  "The ICC expect players to promote the game and talk to TV and the media and all Michael did was answer some questions honestly," Bevan explained. "He did not swear or abuse anyone, he politely suggested there had been some in consistent umpiring. He certainly did not bring cricket into disrepute. "It strikes me the umpires have had a poor Test both on and off the field all match." Bevan was due to meet the ECB on Monday to get their backing. 

Davenport hits out at Wimbledon  World number one Lindsay Davenport has criticised Wimbledon over the issue of equal prize money for women.  Reacting to a disputed comment by All England Club chairman Tim Phillips, the American said: "I think it is highly insulting if prize money is taken away. "Somebody, I think it was Mr Phillips, said they won't have money for flowers at Wimbledon. That's insulting." An All England club spokesperson denied Phillips made the remark, insisting: "He definitely didn't say it." The statement added: "It was said by someone else and was a humorous aside at the end of a radio interview when the conversation had moved to talking about the Wimbledon grounds."  Davenport was speaking following the announcement that this week's Dubai Duty Free event will join the US and Australian Opens in offering equal prize money for women. "You hear about women playing only three sets while men play five," said Daveport. "And the best women are never going to beat the best men. "But it's a different game you go to watch with the women - it doesn't make it better or worse. "Hopefully we will be able to change people's minds." Serena Williams, who is also in Dubai, added: "I'm obviously for equal prize money. "Women's tennis is exciting. Men's tennis is exciting as well, but the women have it right now. "If you are bringing in the spectators you should be able to reap what everyone else is able to reap." 

Safin relieved at Aussie recovery  Marat Safin admitted he thought he was suffering another Australian Open final nightmare when he lost the opening set to Lleyton Hewitt.  The Russian, who lost the 2002 and 2004 finals, fought back brilliantly to win 1-6 6-3 6-4 6-4. "I was nervous and I couldn't play tennis," said Safin. "He started really well. He wasn't as nervous as I was because I was thinking of the two finals that I played and wasn't successful." He added: "You really have to deal with the pressure because normally it never happens but when you come to the final you are so tight because you want to win. "I tried to play some tennis but I couldn't. He has huge experience, he's won two Grand Slam titles, he's won 24 titles, he's a great player and he deals with pressure."  From 4-1 down in the third set, Safin played some of his best tennis to reel off seven games and take control of the match. "In the third set, just all of a sudden, it all turn around completely in a way I couldn't expect," said Safin. "Because he made a couple of mistakes, I was a little bit lucky at some point, then the confidence came back and I was back in the game." And the Russian revealed that the victory, and his semi-final win over world number one Roger Federer, had given him a massive boost for the future. "You get huge confidence because Roger is a great player," said Safin. "Once I beat him, and then Lleyton, it's like you get so much confidence in yourself that you really can play great. "You can win big titles and you can beat huge players in the finals and semi-finals." 

Davenport hits out at Wimbledon  World number one Lindsay Davenport has criticised Wimbledon over the issue of equal prize money for women.  Reacting to a disputed comment by All England Club chairman Tim Phillips, the American said: "I think it is highly insulting if prize money is taken away. "Somebody, I think it was Mr Phillips, said they won't have money for flowers at Wimbledon. That's insulting." An All England club spokesperson denied Phillips made the remark, insisting: "He definitely didn't say it." The statement added: "It was said by someone else and was a humorous aside at the end of a radio interview when the conversation had moved to talking about the Wimbledon grounds."  Davenport was speaking following the announcement that this week's Dubai Duty Free event will join the US and Australian Opens in offering equal prize money for women. "You hear about women playing only three sets while men play five," said Daveport. "And the best women are never going to beat the best men. "But it's a different game you go to watch with the women - it doesn't make it better or worse. "Hopefully we will be able to change people's minds."  Serena Williams, who is also in Dubai, added: "I'm obviously for equal prize money. "Women's tennis is exciting. Men's tennis is exciting as well, but the women have it right now. "If you are bringing in the spectators you should be able to reap what everyone else is able to reap." 

Stuart joins Norwich from Addicks  Norwich have signed Charlton midfielder Graham Stuart until the end of the season for an undisclosed fee.  "It was a very easy decision to make," the 34-year-old told Norwich's website. "The attraction for me was to continue to play in the Premiership." Canaries boss Nigel Worthington added: "I'm delighted that Graham will be joining us until the end of the season. "He's gives us a wealth of experience. Hopefully, he can be part of keeping us in the Premier League." Stuart has extensive top-flight experience with Everton, Chelsea and Charlton and can play across the midfield positions. He joins Norwich with the Norfolk club second-from-bottom in the Premiership, but Stuart is confident that the Carrow Road outfit have a bright future. "I've been very impressed with the facilities here. It's obviously a very well run football club with excellent facilities and I've always enjoyed playing at Carrow Road," he added. "It's a nice compact ground with a good atmosphere and hopefully I can help give the fans something else to cheer."  Stuart, a former England Under-21 international, made 110 appearances for Chelsea, scoring 18 goals, before joining Everton. He won the FA Cup with the Toffees in 1995 and remains a hero at Goodison Park after his 81st-minute winner against Wimbledon saved Everton from relegation in 1994. Stuart spent just over four years at Goodison Park, making 125 senior appearances and scoring 25 goals, before signing for Sheffield United - where he scored 12 goals in 68 appearances. After signing for Charlton he made 164 appearances, scoring 23 times, but recently he has been battling a back problem and had not played for the Londoners for three months before heading to Norwich. 

Sri Lanka decide to continue tour  Sri Lanka are to continue their cricket tour to New Zealand after a five-day period of mourning for those killed by the tidal waves in south Asia.  The death toll is now at around 23,000, almost half of them Sri Lankans, and many more are still missing. "Cricket is not the thing on our minds at the moment," said team manager Brendon Kuruppu. Wednesday's game in Napier has been postponed but the Sri Lankan board decided the tour should go on. The one-day series will now resume on 2 January in Queenstown. The match in Napier will now be played on 11 January and the Test series, which was due to begin on the 15th, will also be rescheduled. "New Zealand Cricket has great compassion for the people of Sri Lanka and what they have suffered during this terrible time," said NZC chief executive Martin Snedden. "It is testament to the strong relationship between the two boards that they have worked together to quickly find a workable solution." John Bracewell, coach of the New Zealand team, said his players had been deeply moved by the disaster and their thoughts were with the Sri Lankan squad. "It's a shock to everyone and our sympathies do go out to them," he said. "I've no doubt our guys will talk to their guys about it. It's pretty rough." The Sri Lanka under-19 team's tour to Pakistan has been postponed. "We can understand that in their current state of affairs they are in no position to play a cricket series," said Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan. The Indian and Australian women's teams will, however, play a one-day match in Madras as planned on Tuesday. 

Morientes admits to Reds struggle  Liverpool striker Fernando Morientes has admited he is struggling to adapt to life in the Premiership.  The Spain interational has played twice for the club, losing both times, since his £6.3m move from Real Madrid. "I am finding it hard to adapt but I am better now," the 28-year-old told Marca newspaper. "It's surprising when you see things you are not used to. "I am starting to get to know things, and my wife is looking for a house and a school for the kids." Morientes admitted his difficulty with the English language "worries me" but that having a Spanish manager in Rafael Benitez has helped his cause. "I can understand everything and that is a relief," he said.  Despite his concerns, he said he was relishing the move and said there was a "certain magic" about Anfield, which was far calmer than the Bernabeu. Since his arrival, Liverpool have lost 1-0 to Manchester United and 2-0 Southampton in the league, while he watched from the bench as Burnley knocked them out of the FA Cup. But he expects both the manager and the players to turn things around. "The team has had a lot of changes and injuries and that is a handicap when you are looking for results but I am confident we will go a long way," he said. "When you sign a coach like Benitez it is to let him work with a long-term view and that is what is happening. "We are a historic club and fifth in the table but that is not a problem. The confidence that you get given here is incredible." 

Melzer shocks Agassi in San Jose  Second seed Andre Agassi suffered a comprehensive defeat by Jurgen Melzer in the quarter-finals of the SAP Open.  Agassi was often bamboozled by the Austrian's drop shots in San Jose, losing 6-3 6-1. Defending champion and top seed Andy Roddick rallied to beat Sweden's Thomas Enqvist 3-6 7-6 (8-6) 7-5. But unseeded Cyril Saulnier beat the fourth seed Vincent Spadea 6-2 6-4 and Tommy Haas overcame eighth seed Max Mirnyi 6-7 (2-7) 7-6 (7-3) 6-2. Melzer has now beaten Agassi in two of their three meetings.  "I had a good game plan and I executed it perfectly," he said. "It's always tough to come out to play Andre. "I didn't want him to play his game. He makes you run like a dog all over the court." And Agassi, who was more than matched for power by his opponent's two-handed backhand, said Melzer was an example of several players on the tour willing to take their chances against him. "A lot more guys are capable of it now," said the American. "He played much better than me. That's what he did both times. "I had opportunities to loosen myself up," Agassi added. "But I didn't convert on the big points." 

Wilkinson return 'unlikely'  Jonny Wilkinson looks set to miss the whole of the 2005 RBS Six Nations.  England's World Cup-winning fly-half said last week he was hoping to recover from his latest injury in time to play some role in the championship. But Rob Andrew, coach of Wilkinson's club side Newcastle, said that with only two games left to play Wilkinson was unlikely to be fit in time. "It would be irresponsible to put him straight into a Test match," Andrew told the Times. Wilkinson is recovering from a knee injury which followed long-term neck and arm injuries. He has not played for England since the World Cup final in November 2003, since when the stuttering world champions have lost nine of their 14 matches. Wilkinson is aiming to make his third start to the season in the Zurich Premiership match against Harlequins on 13 March.  That game is the day after England play Italy in the Six Nations and six days before their final match of the championship against Scotland. "We are hoping Jonny will be ready in a fortnight, but it is touch and go," said Andrew. "His recovery is going very well and the key now is how he is reintroduced to playing and with it goal-kicking. "He will probably have to come off the bench to start and it would be ridiculous and irresponsible to put him straight back into a Test match. "We can't afford to get it wrong with a knee injury. We are in touch with England and they are relaxed about it." Despite not playing for England, Wilkinson is still hoping to make the Lions tour to New Zealand this summer. Lions coach Sir Clive Woodward has not set a deadline for when Wilkinson has to start playing again in order to be considered for selection. 

Holmes urged to compete at Worlds  Jolanda Ceplak has urged Britain's Kelly Holmes to continue competing at the major championships.  Double Olympic gold medallist Holmes has strongly hinted she will not run in this year's Worlds and is undecided about next month's European Indoors. But World Indoor 800m record holder Ceplak said: "There is never an easy race when she is in the field. There is only excitement at what might happen. "It is good for the sport. She always fetches the best out of everyone." Ceplak has been a great rival of Holmes' during the Briton's career and the pair fell out when Holmes questioned the manner of the Slovenian's runaway 800m victory at the 2002 European Championships. But the controversy has since been forgotten, with Ceplak acting as pacemaker for Holmes' failed attempt on the British Indoor 1500m record at the Norwich Union Grand Prix in Birmingham in 2003.  Ceplak added: "I like running against her - you know the race is always going to be fast. "That is the sort of competition that I like. She is special to me. She was like my idol from the beginning of my career." Meanwhile, Ceplak will be looking to follow up last Saturday's win in Boston with a fast time and victory in Friday's Night of Athletics in Erfurt, Germany. Britain's Jason Gardener had been expected to defend his 60m title in Erfurt but instead he will save himself for a competition in Leipzig on Sunday. Gardener's decision means Scotland's 400m man Ian Mackie will carry British hopes in what looks sure to be a tough preparation for next weekend's Norwich Union European trials in Sheffield. 

Ferguson puts faith in youngsters  Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said he has no regrets after his second-string side lost 3-0 away at Fenerbahce in the Champions League.  Ferguson said: "The good thing about being manager is that you are in control of which team to pick. "I care about United, that's important, so while I am disappointed at the result I am not at the team I selected. "This game was important for the young lads. They will remember it and next time they come they will be better." Ferguson admitted his side were well-beaten by the Turks, a result which meant they finished second in Group D behind Lyon. He added: "They'll know not to play like that again. We showed a lack of strength. But I have no complaints about the scoreline. "In the second half we had some good moments in attack. And in that situation, you have to take one chance. "But we didn't do that, so the game just petered out for us. "I didn't think it made much difference whether we won the group or finished second and I still don't. "We could get Inter, AC Milan and Juventus but Bayern, Barcelona and Real Madrid were among the runners-up. All we can do is let fate decide how it works out." 

Finnan says Irish can win group  Steve Finnan believes the Republic of Ireland can qualify directly for the World Cup finals.  After Saturday's superb display in the draw in Paris, Ireland face minnows the Faroe Islands in Dublin on Wednesday. The versatile Finnan, who starred against the French, is confident the group is Ireland's for the taking. "There is a chance for us now to go on, win our home games and why not win the group, even though it's a tough one," said the Liverpool player. Switzerland, Ireland, France and Israel are all now tied on five points from three matches - although the Republic look to have a slight edge after claiming away draws in Basel and Paris. "In Basel we did not play great football, but when you to go to these places the other teams are going to have the majority of the game. "In Paris, we looked good throughout the team and a point was the least we deserved because we had a number of chances.  "Looking back, we had an opportunity to get the three points, but we are happy with a point and that will give us confidence going into Wednesday's game. "On paper, we have got the toughest matches out of the way and we have set standards for ourselves. "Automatic qualification is there. It would certainly be good to avoid a play-off, but on the back of a couple of good results I don't see why we can't win the group." Manager Brian Kerr was keen to mention the contribution of Stephen Carr and Finnan on Ireland's right flank at the Stade de France. Finnan's normal position is right-back but he looked assured in a more advanced position against the French. "As I play on the right for my club and being a natural right-back, it was something he (Kerr) looked at because France play strongly down the left-hand side. "So I was happy to play and Stephen Carr and I enjoyed the game, particularly as the defence and midfield held together well and nullified their attacks." 

White admits to Balco drugs link  Banned American sprinter Kelli White says she knowingly took steroids given to her by Bay Area Lab Co-Operative (Balco) president Victor Conte.  Conte faces a federal trial next year on charges of distributing steroids and tax evasion, and White said at first he tried to cover up what he was doing. "He's the one who told me that it wasn't what he said it was," White said in the San Francisco Chronicle. But she added: "It was my decision to go to him, not anybody else's." White said Conte at first told her the substance was flaxseed oil, only to change his story later. White failed a drugs test after winning the 100m and 200m titles at the 2003 world athletics championships. She was subsequently handed a two-year ban in May this year and has admitted taking the stimulant modafinil. At first, White claimed she took the drug to combat narcolepsy but she now takes full responsibility for her actions.  "My whole belief about Victor is that he was selling a product," White said in the LA Times. "Whether it be a good product or a bad product, he was selling a product." White was introduced to Conte through her coach Remy Korchemy, who is also a defendant in the Balco case. The 27-year-old believes doping is so common in sport she felt compelled to cheat herself if she was to have any chance of winning. "I have no clue what it's going to take to change that," said White. "I would say I made a mistake and I would never, ever go back. "I would never recommend anyone to take that route." 

Wilkinson targets Ireland  Jonny Wilkinson says he is "massively positive" about his chances of playing some part in the Six Nations.  A knee injury has ruled him out of England's first two matches against Wales and France, but he is hoping to feature against Ireland on 27 February. "I'm coming on really well. The physios at England and Newcastle are as happy as they could possibly be at this point." said the England fly-half. Wilkinson has not played for England since their 2003 World Cup final win. "The injury is to my left leg so, as a kicker, I need to make sure I'm really right so I can play my usual game."  "All I can do is try to get back. It (the knee injury) happened two and a half weeks ago and the limit was then set of six to eight weeks, which is the second half of the Six Nations." "I'm just concentrating on doing my bit, which is the rehab. "All I can do is free myself up for selection and then see what people want to do with me, whether they want to play me or leave it." If he does not recover in time for England's Six Nations season, his next target would be the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand. "I'm looking to play first for Newcastle, then think about England and only then will I think about the Lions." he said. "As with my other injuries, I'm taking it day by day." 

Kumble overtakes Kapil's record  First Test, Dhaka, day one (stumps): Bangladesh 184 all out v India  Kumble overtook the mark set by Kapil Dev when he had Mohammad Rafique lbw. And he followed up with a wicket next ball before Bangladesh were bowled out for 184 in 58 overs in Dhaka. After the first session was lost to rain, Irfan Pathan took five wickets to reduce the hosts to 106-7 before Mohammad Ashraful dug in. Ashraful ended unbeaten on 60, having hit six fours and faced 135 balls. Kumble had a chance of a hat-trick after removing Tapash Baisya via a catch at first slip but Mashrafe Mortaza safely defended the fifth ball of his 12th over. But a run out ended the innings not long afterwards.  India did not get chance to begin their reply as openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir were immediately offered the light on stepping to the wicket. India won the toss and Pathan soon got stuck into the top order, dismissing Javed Omar lbw in his second over with one that nipped back. Nafis Iqbal and Rajin Saleh were also ajudged lbw by umpire Jeremy Lloyds off consecutive balls in Pathan's fifth over. Captain Habibul Bashar then pulled Zaheer Khan straight to square leg and when the same bowler had Khaled Mashud caught behind, Bangladesh were 50-5 after just 16 overs. Ashraful, largely in partnership with Rafique (47), did his best to build a recovery but India will expect to amass a huge lead on Saturday. Kumble is now fifth in the all-time list. Aged 34, he may still be able to reach the 500-mark, passed by only three men. Fellow leg-spinner Shane Warne tops the list with 552 wickets.  Habibul Bashar (capt), Nafis Iqbal, Javed Omar, Mohammad Ashraful, Rajin Saleh, Khaled Mashud (wkt), Mushfiqur Rahman, Mohammad Rafique, Tapash Baisya, Mashrafe bin Mortaza, Manjurul Islam Rana.  S Ganguly (capt), V Sehwag, G Gambhir, S Tendulkar, R Dravid, M Kaif, D Karthik (wkt), I Pathan, A Kumble, Harbhajan Singh, Z Khan. 

Owen set for skipper role  Wales number eight Michael Owen says replacing Gareth Thomas as Wales' captain will be straightforward because of the leadership quality in the squad.  "You dream about playing for Wales, but it never enters your head that you will one day captain your country," he said. "It's an easy job really because there are so many experienced players in the side, but it will be a massive honour." Coach Mike Ruddock says the 24-year-old should take the armband from broken thumb victim Thomas against Scotland. Ruddock praised Owen's contribution as vice-captain and pack leader in this year's wins over England, Italy and France, notably his role in the second-half in Paris following Thomas' injury. The 22-cap Dragons man says that Thomas will be badly missed, though. "Gareth is going to be a massive loss because he is a brilliant player and he has done a fantastic job since he has been captain," said Owen. "He has put his own unique stamp on things. We are going to miss him but the strength of the squad is shown when you have someone like Kevin Morgan to step in."  Owen admitted the Grand Slam had been mentioned within the squad but that no-one was getting carried away with the three victories over England, Italy and France. "We can't get ahead of ourselves," he said. "We have a massive game next up and we are just looking forward to preparing for that. "Scotland are improving all the time. Like us they did well in France and were unlucky not to get a win. "Against Ireland they played fantastically well in the first 15 minutes before falling away. "They are probably going on a similar journey to the one we have been on in the last couple of years." 

Rovers reject third Ferguson bid  Blackburn have rejected a third bid from Rangers for Scotland captain Barry Ferguson, BBC Sport has learnt.  It is thought Blackburn want £6m for the midfielder but chief executive John Williams has confirmed the club are still "in dialogue" with Rangers. The 26-year-old has already handed in a transfer request at Ewood Park as he seeks a return to Ibrox. But the clubs have been unable to reach agreement over a fee for Ferguson, who moved to Lancashire in 2003 for £6.5m. On Thursday Rangers said they would not be increasing their offer of £4m.  Blackburn have said all along that they want £6m for the midfielder and Williams has rejected proposals from Rangers over a player-swap deal. Williams said: "We are in dialogue with Glasgow Rangers but we have no agreement." The negotiations will have to be concluded by midnight on Monday, when the winter transfer window shuts. Williams conceded any deal for Ferguson was looking "unlikely" before the close of the transfer window but Rangers still had a chance to seal the deal. "We have no comment to make other than we have not got an agreement with Glasgow Rangers," he added. "The way things are looking, I think it is unlikely we are going to. "The ball is in their court but we have not got an offer that is acceptable at this moment." It is understood that Blackburn accepted a £5m offer for Ferguson from Everton at the weekend. But the player is determined to return to Scotland and rejected a move to Goodison Park. Ferguson did not play in the FA Cup win over Colchester on Saturday despite recovering from a groin injury with Rovers boss Mark Hughes claiming it had been an "emotional and difficult time" for the player. 

Robben sidelined with broken foot  Chelsea winger Arjen Robben has broken two metatarsal bones in his foot and will be out for at least six weeks.  Robben had an MRI scan on the injury, sustained during the Premiership win at Blackburn, on Monday. "Six weeks is the average time to heal this injury and then I need a few more weeks to be completely fit again," he told Dutch newspaper Algemeen Dagblad. "I had a feeling it was serious but because of the swelling it was impossible to make a final diagnosis." The 21-year-old missed the first three months of the season with a similar injury after a challenge with Roma's Olivier Dacourt. And he added: "It felt different then last summer when I had the same injury on my other foot. "Then I could walk already after three days but I stayed sidelined for a long period. I hope that it will now take me six to eight weeks." Chelsea physio Mike Banks was hopeful that Robben could return at some point in March. "The fractures are tiny and he could be playing next month," Banks told the club's website. "One is a chip on the side of his foot, the other is a small break on the third metatarsal. "But this is not the traditional metatarsal that has become so famous since the last World Cup and which has kept Scott Parker out for two months."  David Beckham suffered a broken metatarsal in the build up to the 2002 World Cup in Korea and Japan. Robben, who has been a key part of the Blues' push for four trophies, claims he knew instantly something was wrong when he was felled by Blackburn midfielder Aaron Mokoena. "I felt my leg go," he said. "I felt it straight away after Mokoena hit me with a wild kick on my left foot." 

Wales make two changes for France  Wales coach Mike Ruddock has made two changes from the team that beat Italy 38-8 for Saturday's trip to France.  Kevin Morgan takes over from his injured Newport-Gwent Dragons colleague Hal Luscombe on the right wing. And in the pack Neath-Swansea Ospreys forward Ryan Jones is preferred at blindside flanker to Jonathan Thomas. Thomas, a try-scorer in Rome, drops down to the bench instead of Ian Gough, while Cardiff back Rhys Williams steps up in place of Morgan. Luscombe is sidelined by a hamstring problem sustained during the Six Nations game against Italy last weekend.  However, the experienced and in-form Morgan was already pushing hard for a start at Stade de France. "Due to his impressive performances from the bench, Kevin was very much in the selection mix anyway, and the unfortunate injury to Hal gives him the chance to start," said Ruddock. "Now that Ryan Jones has recovered from injury, we have increased the options in the back row. "Jonathan Thomas is unlucky to lose his spot after performing well against Italy and scoring a try, but such is the competition for places that every position is debated in detail. "For this particular game, we felt we might not always be afforded the open spaces out wide we were able to exploit against Italy, so an extra big ball-carrier in the back-row is thought to be necessary on this occasion. "Obviously, it's a 22-man game these days, and there is every chance that Jonathan will be making an impact from the bench." Wales have beaten France on two of their last three visits to Paris, and another victory this time around would keep them firmly on course for a first Five or Six Nations title triumph since 1994. "Graham Henry (former Wales coach) said a couple of years ago that we should 'be bold' when going to France, and he was proved right," said Ruddock. "That is a great way to approach the game, and something we will further endorse with the players this week."  G Thomas (Toulouse, capt); K Morgan (Newport-Gwent), T Shanklin (Cardiff), G Henson (Neath-Swansea), S Williams (Neath-Swansea); S Jones (Clermont Auvergne), D Peel (Llanelli); G Jenkins (Cardiff), M Davies (Gloucester), A Jones; (Neath-Swansea), B Cockbain (Neath-Swansea), R Sidoli (Cardiff); R Jones (Neath-Swansea), M Williams (Cardiff), M Owen (Newport-Gwent).  Replacements: R McBryde (Llanelli), J Yapp (Cardiff), J Thomas (Neath-Swansea), R Sowden-Taylor (Cardiff), G Cooper (Newport-Gwent), C Sweeney Newport-Gwent), R Williams (Cardiff). 

Henin-Hardenne beaten on comeback  Justine Henin-Hardenne lost to Elena Dementieva in a comeback exhibition match in Belgium on Sunday for her second defeat in two days.  And the Belgian, who has slipped to eight in the world after struggling with a virus, faces a tough Australian Open title defence next month. "I will be heading to Australia with a lot of question marks over me, I know that," she said. "But I think there'll be less pressure than last time even if I am champion." Henin-Hardenne was speaking after a 6-2 5-7 6-2 loss to world number six Dementieva in Charleroi, Belgium, on Sunday. The previous day, the Olympic champion went down 6-2 7-5 to France's Nathalie Dechy.  "I have to be positive, I still have a few weeks," she said. "My body has to get accustomed again to the stress, the rhythm." Henin-Hardenne slid down the world rankings in the second half of 2004 after contracting the illness in April. After an initial lay-off, she was forced off the circuit for a second time after being knocked out of the French Open in the second round. A comeback at the US Open after a three-month absence ended when she crashed out at the fourth-round stage. But despite her problems, she still won five of the nine official tournaments she entered in 2004 and won Olympic gold in Athens, an achievement which saw her named Belgian sportswoman of the year on Friday. "Physically, it's obvious that I hit rock bottom," said the 22-year-old, who will make her comeback in the Sydney International from 10-16 January. "Since April, with the exception of the Olympics, I have not done much. "All the successes I had prior to that were mainly due to the work I put in on building up my fitness. "Now it's time to get back to putting in 200% effort and I think I am capable of doing that." 

Dibaba breaks 5,000m world record  Ethiopia's Tirunesh Dibaba set a new world record in winning the women's 5,000m at the Boston Indoor Games.  Dibaba won in 14 minutes 32.93 seconds to erase the previous world indoor mark of 14:39.29 set by another Ethiopian, Berhane Adera, in Stuttgart last year. But compatriot Kenenisa Bekele's record hopes were dashed when he miscounted his laps in the men's 3,000m and staged his sprint finish a lap too soon. Ireland's Alistair Cragg won in 7:39.89 as Bekele battled to second in 7:41.42. "I didn't want to sit back and get out-kicked," said Cragg. "So I kept on the pace. The plan was to go with 500m to go no matter what, but when Bekele made the mistake that was it. The race was mine." Sweden's Carolina Kluft, the Olympic heptathlon champion, and Slovenia's Jolanda Ceplak had winning performances, too. Kluft took the long jump at 6.63m, while Ceplak easily won the women's 800m in 2:01.52. 

Adriano's Chelsea link rejected  Adriano's agent Gilmar Rinaldi has insisted that he has had no contact with Chelsea over the striker.  Chelsea were reported to have made inquiries about Inter Milan's 22-year-old Brazilian star. Rinaldi told BBC Sport from Rio de Janeiro: "I can assure you that Chelsea have had no dealings whatsoever with either me or Adriano. "Parma and Real Madrid are interested but there's nothing new there. Their interest has been known for some time." Adriano has scored 14 goals in 20 Serie A appearances this season. And Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho had claimed that he was in Milan talking to Adriano on the day he is alleged to have held a clandestine meeting with Arsenal defender Ashley Cole. Mourinho said he was "just practising my Portuguese with him because I don't need strikers". Rinaldi told BBC Sport: "I have to say that nobody from Chelsea or any other London club has contacted me. "If they want to, that's fine. I can tell them what the situation is. "If Chelsea are interested then they must make an offer." Inter are reported to have slapped a price tag in the region of £40m on the head of Adriano, who joined them just over a year ago from Parma. Real Madrid view him as a natural replacement for compatriot Ronaldo. But Rinaldi said: "I cannot give you a price that Inter would accept for Adriano. That's something that would have to be negotiated between the interested clubs." 

Australia complete sweep  Third Test, Sydney, day four (result): Australia 568 & 62-1 bt Pakistan 304 & 325  Pakistan, continuing on 67-1 overnight, posted 325 all out in their second innings and the home team quickly scored the 62 runs needed for victory. Asim Kamal top scored for the visitors with a well-made 87, but Australia were always in control after building a first-innings lead of 264. And on a turning wicket Shane Warne took 4-111 and Stuart MacGill 3-83. Australia took three wickets during the morning session to reduce Pakistan to 172-4, still 92 runs behind the home team's first-innings total. It seemed at one point as though stubborn resistance would limit the visitors to the loss of Yasir Hameed during the first session of the day. But with lunch approaching the Australians swung the balance of the session in their favour with two wickets in two balls. Yousef Youhana was bowled by MacGill for 30 before Younis Khan was trapped lbw to Shane Watson to become the all-rounder's first Test victim.  After lunch Shahid Afridi was run out after a typically aggressive innings and his dimissal was sparked a fall of five wickets for 32 runs as the Pakistan lower order again threatened to capitulate. At one point they had been reduced to 270-9 after steadily losing wickets throughout the afternoon session. Shortly before the scheduled tea interval Australia claimed the extra half hour as they went in search of victory. But Asim Kamal, partnered by Mohammad Asif, who scored his first runs in Test cricket, put on 55 for the last wicket to set Australia a meagre target for victory. Jason Langer and Matthew Hayden wasted no time in setting about the victory target, thrashing a series of boundaries. With victory just four runs away Langer was bowled sweeping around his legs and new batsman Ricky Ponting smashed the next delivery to the boundary to seal victory.  Matthew Hayden, Justin Langer, Ricky Ponting (capt), Damien Martyn, Michael Clarke, Shane Watson, Adam Gilchrist (wkt), Shane Warne, Jason Gillespie, Glenn McGrath, Stuart MacGill.  Salman Butt, Imran Farhat, Yasir Hameed, Younis Khan,Yousuf Youhana (capt), Asim Kamal, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Mohammad AsifShoaib Akhtar, Naved-ul-Hasan, Danish Kaneria. Umpires: B Bowden (NZ), D Shepherd (Eng). 

New Zealand to step up security  New Zealand cricket officials are to review security after Australia players were hit by missiles during Saturday's opening one-day international.  The match was stopped several times after Australian fielders complained they had been hit by plastic bottles. New Zealand Cricket chief executive Martin Snedden labelled the missile throwing "unacceptable". "It wasn't the number of security guards, it was the fact they needed to be more proactive," he said. Australia captain Ricky Ponting complained immediately after his side's 10-run win. "Someone's going to get hurt. You have to have more security guys around the players on the boundary," he said. However, Kiwi coach John Bracewell accused Australia of using the crowd as a delaying tactic.  He claimed the missile-throwing was no different to the treatment his players got in Australia. Former Australia skipper Steve Waugh threatened to take his players off the field after similar crowd disturbances in New Zealand five years ago. "I think the tactical awareness as learned by Steve Waugh has been passed on," Bracewell said. Despite being hit by a missile at one point, Aussie bowler Glenn McGrath was the star of the show, returning figures of 4-16. "Glenn was outstanding and we just did enough to win," Ponting said. "It's a very hard place to win over here and we found that out tonight." New Zealand skipper Stephen Fleming praised Hamish Marshall, whose 76 almost rescued the match. "We were out of it, came back really well - Hamish was outstanding - but we just lost our way towards the end." 

Youhana leads from front  Second Test, Melbourne, day one (close): Pakistan 318-6 v Australia  Stand-in captain Yousuf Youhana led the way in Melbourne, smashing a superb ton and putting on 192 with Younis Khan. But the Australians hit back late when Youhana missed a Shane Warne full toss and was stumped for 111. Jason Gillespie, the pick of the bowlers with 3-72, then ousted Younis and Shoaib Malik in quick succession. Younis was caught behind by Adam Gilchrist off Gillespie's first delivery with the second new ball for 87.  And the paceman struck again in his next over when Malik was caught at slip by Ricky Ponting for seven, Pakistan losing three wickets for just 15 runs. Abdul Razzaq was not out on one and Kamran Akmal unbeaten on 16 at the close of play. Earlier, Salman Butt hit his maiden Test half-century as he put on 85 for the first wicket with Imran Farhat.  Michael Kasprowicz claimed the only wicket to fall before lunch when he had Farhat brilliantly caught by Ponting at slip for 20. But the hosts struck straight after the interval when Yasir Hameed was trapped leg before by Gillespie for two. Butt's brave knock came to an end when he was run out by a superb throw from Michael Clarke going for a second run. The opener had made 70 and his dismissal left Pakistan struggling on 94-3. but Youhana, filling in as captain for the injured Inzamam-ul-Haq, and Younis steadied the ship. Australia, who were lifted before the start of play by news that in-form opener Justin Langer was fit enough to take his place in the side, won the first Test in Perth by 491 runs. Overall, Pakistan have only won four times in 27 Tests played in Australia, although two of those successes came at the MCG.  J L Langer, M L Hayden, R T Ponting (capt), D R Martyn D S Lehmann, M J Clarke, A C Gilchrist (wkt), S K Warne J N Gillespie, M S Kasprowicz, G D McGrath.  Salman Butt, Imran Farhat, Younis Khan Yousuf Youhana (Capt), Yasir Hameed, Shoaib Malik, Abdul Razzaq Kamran Akmal (Wkt), Mohammad Sami, Shoaib Akhtar, Danish Kaneria.  R E Koertzen and J W Lloyds 

Gallas sees two-horse race  Chelsea's William Gallas believes they will battle it out with Arsenal for the Premiership in the coming months.  "It'll be a two-horse race all the way to the end of the season because we are both going to give it everything," he told BBC Sport. "You need to be good and you need a lot of luck. You need a bit of both but it will be as hard for the Arsenal players as it is for the Chelsea boys." "We know that we have got the power in our hands just now," added Gallas.  "But you never know what is going to happen in football - two seasons ago Manchester United picked up so many points towards the end of the season when they won the title. "Obviously, nobody at Chelsea wants to come second but you never know what happens in football. "We will be challenging to come first as much as every Arsenal player will be challenging to come first." Gallas has been given extra confidence by the impact manager Jose Mourinho has had since taking over as manager during the summer.  And the French international defender believes Mourinho is perfectly suited to boss the squad of Chelsea stars and says his managerial expertise will prevent any player revolt. "It's only normal when you have got a team put together of such big names that you put the finishing touch to it and the finishing touch at Chelsea is a fantastic manager like Mourinho," he said. "He is the icing on the cake at the club. He has this fantastic knack of thinking of everything. "Another incredible quality that Mourinho has is that every player, even though the fans may consider them to be a stars, within the dressing-room they are absolutely equal. "Mourinho reminds everyone but he doesn't have to because he has created a wonderful atmosphere where everybody is playing and laughing every day. "It is a changed dressing-room from the atmosphere there was last year."  

India clear for Chittagong games  Indian cricket officials have given clearance for the national team to play in Chittagong during their tour to Bangladesh, which began on Wednesday.  The team received alleged death threats from a radical Muslim group. But the foreign ministry were satisfied with security arrangements in Dhaka, where the first Test begins on Friday. And the team have now given the green light for the games scheduled for Chittagong, which will stage the second Test and first one-day international. "We have now received assessment of the Indian security team that went to Chittagong. "They made a full assessment of the security arrangements, in consultation with the Bangladesh authorities. "On the basis of security team's report, the government is advising BCCI to go ahead with the matches in Chittagong," said foreign ministry spokesman Navtej Sarna.  The inspection covered the venue, hotel and other areas where the Indian cricket team will be present. Specific recommendations for tightening security arrangements and these have been accepted by the Bangladesh authorities. A letter, apparently from a previously unknown Islamic group Harkat-ul-Jihad, arrived at the Indian embassy last Thursday. It threatened to kill the players in revenge for the riots in Gujarat in India three years ago which left many Muslims dead. However, the Bangladesh high commission said the threats were a hoax. Explosions and other attacks are not uncommon in Bangladesh - more than 20 people were killed when grenades were thrown at an opposition rally in August. There have also been blasts at cinemas. Few arrests have been made, but Islamic extremists are widely blamed. Indian cricketers have visited Bangladesh several times, most recently in 2003 for a triangular tournament that also involved South Africa. 

Holmes facing fine over trials  Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes faces a fine of around £25,000 after opting to miss this weekend's trials for the European championship.  Rules brought in last year state athletes who miss trials without proof of injury or illness will forfeit a quarter of the fee for that season. A spokesman for Fast Track, the sport's promoters in Britain, told the Times that Holmes would be no exception. The paper said she was set to earn £100,000 for the domestic indoor term. Holmes, who won both 800m and 1500m gold in Athens, opened her British indoor campaign by winning the 1500m at the Norwich Union International in Glasgow last month. She is also set to race at the Grand Prix in Birmingham on 18 February. But governing body UK Athletics (UKA) said the trials in Sheffield were never in her plans. "It was always Kelly's plan for the indoor season to prioritise only two UK televised meetings at Glasgow and Birmingham," a UKA statement said.  "She never intended to compete at the European Indoor Trials. UK Athletics can confirm Kelly Holmes will not compete in Sheffield." But a Fast Track spokesman said: "Kelly will be fined 25% of her indoor earnings. "It is a policy that applies to all GB athletes and Kelly accepts that. "During the course of contract talks, which resulted in Kelly taking part in Glasgow and Birmingham, it was explained what would happen if she did not participate in the trials." Holmes has always said she will not decide whether to compete at the European Indoor Championships in Madrid in March until after Birmingham. But should she wish to, it is unlikely to be a problem despite her decision to miss the trials. Under UKA selection criteria, selectors can pick athletes who did not compete in trials on the basis of "exceptional circumstances". 

Australia complete series sweep  Third Test, Sydney, day four (result): Australia 568 & 62-1 bt Pakistan 304 & 325  Pakistan, continuing on 67-1 overnight, posted 325 all out in their second innings and the home team quickly scored the 62 runs needed for victory. Asim Kamal top scored for the visitors with a well-made 87, but Australia were always in control after building a first-innings lead of 264. And on a turning wicket Shane Warne took 4-111 and Stuart MacGill 3-83. Australia took three wickets during the morning session to reduce Pakistan to 172-4, still 92 runs behind the home team's first-innings total. It seemed at one point as though stubborn resistance would limit the visitors to the loss of Yasir Hameed during the first session of the day. But with lunch approaching the Australians swung the balance of the session in their favour with two wickets in two balls. Yousef Youhana was bowled by MacGill for 30 before Younis Khan was trapped lbw to Shane Watson to become the all-rounder's first Test victim.  After lunch Shahid Afridi was run out after a typically aggressive innings and his dimissal was sparked a fall of five wickets for 32 runs as the Pakistan lower order again threatened to capitulate. At one point they had been reduced to 270-9 after steadily losing wickets throughout the afternoon session. Shortly before the scheduled tea interval Australia claimed the extra half hour as they went in search of victory. But Asim Kamal, partnered by Mohammad Asif, who scored his first runs in Test cricket, put on 55 for the last wicket to set Australia a meagre target for victory. Jason Langer and Matthew Hayden wasted no time in setting about the victory target, thrashing a series of boundaries. With victory just four runs away Langer was bowled sweeping around his legs and new batsman Ricky Ponting smashed the next delivery to the boundary to seal victory.  Matthew Hayden, Justin Langer, Ricky Ponting (capt), Damien Martyn, Michael Clarke, Shane Watson, Adam Gilchrist (wkt), Shane Warne, Jason Gillespie, Glenn McGrath, Stuart MacGill.  Salman Butt, Imran Farhat, Yasir Hameed, Younis Khan,Yousuf Youhana (capt), Asim Kamal, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Mohammad AsifShoaib Akhtar, Naved-ul-Hasan, Danish Kaneria. Umpires: B Bowden (NZ), D Shepherd (Eng). 

Thanou desperate to make return  Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou says she is eager to compete again after being cleared of missing a drugs test by an independent Greek tribunal.  Thanou, 30, was provisionally suspended for missing a test before the Olympics, but the decision was overturned. "The IAAF will decide if we can compete again in Greece and abroad," Thanou told To Vima newspaper in her first interview since the Athens Olympics. "If given the green light I will run again - that's the only thing I want." Thanou, 30, and her compatriot Kostas Kenteris were provisionally suspended by the IAAF in December for missing three drugs tests. The third was alleged to have been on the eve of the opening ceremony of the Athens Olympics.  But an independent tribunal of the Greek Athletics Federation overturned the provisional ban on 18 March. The IAAF - which said it was "very surprised" by the decision of the Greek tribunal - is deciding whether to appeal against the decision at the Court of Arbitration for Sport. However, Dick Pound, the chairman of the World Anti-Doping Authority, has said he will appeal against the decision if the IAAF does not. And Thanou and Kenteris face a criminal trial later this year for allegedly avoiding the test and then faking a motorcycle accident. Thanou said: "I can see how people can think the accident seemed like a childish excuse. "I cannot deny that we made a lot of mistakes during that time. I always said we needed a PR person. "An athlete would have to be very stupid to take illegal substances when he or she knows that they will undergo tests at any given moment. "I am a champion. I cannot risk everything I've achieved in such a silly way." 

Williams says he will never quit  Defiant Matt Williams says he will not quit as Scotland coach even if his side slump to a new low with defeat by Italy at Murrayfield.  That would leave the Scots as favourites to win the Wooden Spoon for the second year running. "I have never quit anything in my life, apart from maybe painting the kitchen," he told BBC Sport. "The support we have been given from Murrayfield in my whole time here has been 100%." Williams has yet to experience an RBS Six Nations victory after seven attempts and Scotland have lost 12 of their 14 games under his leadership. But he rejected the comparison made in some media sources with Berti Vogts, recently sacked as Scotland football manager after a poor run of results.  "How can a German football coach and an Australian rugby coach have anything in common?" he asked. "It is a bizarre analogy. It is so absurd that it borders on the humorous." Williams insists that he is revelling in the pressure, despite the possibility of a second Six Nations series without a victory. "That is not beyond the realms of possibility," he admitted. "There's nothing much between the teams, so we could win the next three games or lose them. "But I actually really enjoy seeing how you cope with such pressure as a coach. "It helps the team grow and helps you grow as a coach. "We could have won in Paris but for the last five minutes and now we have two defeats, but we were confident for those two first games and we are confident we can beat Italy too." 

England given tough Sevens draw  England will have to negotiate their way through a tough draw if they are to win the Rugby World Cup Sevens in Hong Kong next month.  The second seeds have been drawn against Samoa, France, Italy, Georgia and Chinese Taipei. The top two sides in each pool qualify but England could face 2001 winners New Zealand in the quarter-finals if they stumble against Samoa. Scotland and Ireland are in Pool A together with the All Blacks. England won the first event of the International Rugby Board World Sevens series in Dubai but have slipped to fourth in the table after failing to build on that victory.  However, they beat Samoa in the recent Los Angeles Sevens before losing to Argentina in the semi-finals. "England have the ability and determination to win this World Cup and create sporting history by being the only nation to hold both the 15s and Sevens World Cups at the same time," said England sevens coach Mike Friday. "England have a fantastic record in Hong Kong and have won there the last three years, but the World Cup is on a different level. "Every pool contains teams who have caused upsets before and we will have to work hard to ensure we progress from our group. "We have not performed consistently to our true potential so far in the IRB Sevens which has been disappointing - but we can only look forward." England won the first Rugby World Cup Sevens in 1993 with a side that included the likes of Lawrence Dallaglio and Matt Dawson. In 1997 and 2001, England lost in the quarter-finals.  (seeds in brackets)  New Zealand (1), Scotland (8), Tonga, Ireland, Korea, USA.  England (2), Samoa (7), France, Italy, Georgia, Chinese Taipei.  Fiji (3), Australia (6), Canada, Portugal, Japan, Hong Kong.  Argentina (4), South Africa (5), Kenya, Tunisia, Russia, Uruguay. 

Newcastle to join Morientes race  Newcastle have joined the race to sign Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes and scupper Liverpool's bid to snap up the player, according to reports.  Liverpool were reported to have bid £3.5m for the 28-year-old Spanish international this week. But the Liverpool Echo newspaper has said Anfield boss Rafa Benitez will avoid a bidding war and instead turn his attentions to Nicolas Anelka. Real are believed to still want £7m before selling Morientes. Monaco are also in the race for the player they had on loan last season. Reports suggest Liverpool will lift their offer to £5m - the highest they are willing to go before bowing out of any deal.  On Tuesday, Morientes had said: "I like Liverpool and I am pleased that a club of their stature want to buy me. I have told Madrid that I want it to happen. "Madrid know my situation and they know they must do something about me. They must sort out the situation by being sensible. "I am in a position where I want to play, and I will have to look elsewhere to do that. If Madrid do not want me then it's in the best interests of everyone that they are realistic.  "I haven't spoken to Rafa Benitez but I have always appreciated his work and I would like to play for him. But Benitez could yet turn his attentions to the younger Anelka should Morientes be reluctant to pledge his future to Liverpool. Anelka previously played at Anfield under Gerard Houllier before sealing his permanent switch to Manchester City. 

Redknapp poised for Saints  Southampton are set to unveil Harry Redknapp as their new manager at a news conference at 1500 GMT on Wednesday.  The former Portsmouth boss replaces Steve Wigley, who has been relieved of first-team duties after just one win in 14 league games in charge. Redknapp, 57, quit his Fratton Park position on 24 November and vowed: "I will not go down the road - no chance." Pompey coach Kevin Bond is poised to join Redknapp, who will be Saints' third boss of the season. Redknapp's first game in charge will be at home to Middlesbrough on Saturday. Portsmouth chairman Milan Mandaric said he was "disappointed" by the news and claimed Redknapp had been in talks with Southampton for "some time".  "It would appear that negotiations over this have been going on for some time," Mandaric said on Portsmouth's official website. "I am surprised and a little shocked that the chairman of Southampton has not picked up the phone and kept me informed." According to Mandaric, Redknapp vowed he would not join their South coast rivals when he left Portsmouth. "I said to Harry 'I hope you don't go to Southampton', and he told me 'absolutely not'," he said. "I'm wouldn't say I'm bitter, disgusted or angry, just disappointed, but it's Harry's life and it's his decision." Redknapp became a cult hero after leading Portsmouth into the Premiership for the first time, and then masterminding their survival in their debut season. But he left the club claiming he needed a break from football, though many believed he was upset with Mandaric's decision to bring in Velimir Zajec as executive director.  Southampton chairman Rupert Lowe was desperate to give former academy director Wigley, who replaced Paul Sturrock just two games into the season, every chance to succeed at St Mary's. But results under Wigley have been poor and Southampton are deep in trouble near the foot of the table. When Redknapp's appointment is confirmed, he will be Saints' ninth manager in eight years. 

Yachvili savours France comeback  France scrum-half Dimitri Yachvili praised his team after they fought back to beat England 18-17 in the Six Nations clash at Twickenham.  Yachvili kicked all of France's points as they staged a second-half revival. "We didn't play last week against Scotland and we didn't play in the first half against England," he said. "But we're very proud to beat England at Twickenham. We were just defending in the first half and we said we had to put them under pressure. We did well." Yachvili admitted erratic kicking from England's Charlie Hodgson and Olly Barkley, who missed six penalties and a drop goal chance between them, had been decisive. "I know what it's like with kicking. When you miss some it's very hard mentally, but it went well for us," he said. France captain Fabien Pelous insisted his side never doubted they could secure their first win against England at Twickenham since 1997. France were 17-6 down at half-time, but Pelous said: "No-one was down at half-time, we were still confident. "We said we only had 11 points against us, which was not much. "The plan was to keep hold of possession and pressure England to losing their composure." France coach Bernard Laporte accepted his side had not played well. "We know we have to play better to defend the title," he said. "I'm not happy we didn't score a try but we're happy because we won." 

Hodge earns Aussie Test call  Australia have named prolific batsman Brad Hodge in their 13-man squad for the Test series in New Zealand.  The 30-year-old Victorian went on the tour to India last year but has yet to play a Test despite consistent performances in domestic cricket. Veteran batsman Darren Lehmann needs shoulder surgery and misses out, as does all-rounder Shane Watson who has just recovered from a torn side muscle. The first of three Tests will be in Christchurch from 10-14 March. Hodge only played one warm-up match on the tour of India but heavy scoring in recent weeks for Victoria has earned him the nod ahead of Mike Hussey and Andrew Symonds.  Chairman of selectors Trevor Hohns said: "He has presented an irresistible case to be part of this tour and if he gets the opportunity, we feel confident that he can do a good job for Australia. "We said during the Indian series, when he missed out on a spot in the Test XI, that he was still in line for national selection. His domestic form has ensured that this is the case." Hohns says the small size of the squad will not pose problems for the tourists, most of whom are already in New Zealand, where they have won the first four one-day internationals.  Opening batsman Justin Langer and leg-spinner Shane Warne will join up with them on Monday 7 March. "We feel that this is a balanced squad and don't believe we have to extend the size of the touring party beyond 13 players," Hohns added. "We have plenty of options with both bat and ball and, given the close proximity of the two countries, we always have the option of flying players in as the series progresses." Pace bowler Brett Lee is hoping to play his first Test since January last year after impressing in the one-day game. But Hohns hinted he faces a tough task to displace Glenn McGrath, Jason Gillespie or Michael Kasprowicz, who took a combined total of 149 Test wickets in 2004. "Everyone's been singing their praises during that period and you only have to look at their results. "There's not too many sides who've scored many runs against that three-pronged attack."  Ricky Ponting (capt), Adam Gilchrist, Michael Clarke, Jason Gillespie, Matthew Hayden, Brad Hodge, Michael Kasprowicz, Simon Katich, Justin Langer, Brett Lee, Damien Martyn, Glenn McGrath, Shane Warne. 

Premier League planning Cole date  The Premier League is attempting to find a mutually convenient date to investigate allegations Chelsea made an illegal approach for Ashley Cole.  Both Chelsea and Arsenal will be asked to give evidence to a Premier League commission, but no deadline has been put on when that meeting will convene. "It's hard to put a date on it," a Premier League spokesman confirmed to BBC Sport. "It's not a formal situation where they've got so much time to respond." Arsenal and England defender Cole reportedly met Blues boss Jose Mourinho and chief executive Peter Kenyon in a London hotel 11 days ago. Chelsea have yet to officially confirm or deny the meeting, which would be in breach of Premier League rule K3.  Now the Gunners have asked for an inquiry to look into claims that their player has been "tapped up". Both clubs have pledged to co-operate with the inquiry which will be conducted on a single day as opposed to being run as an ongoing evaluation. Cole is in negotiations with the Gunners over extending his current deal which ends in 2007. And his Arsenal team-mate Robert Pires has urged the England left-back to stay at Highbury. Pires told the Evening Standard: "He has been at Arsenal for ever. He is a very attacking left-back and I think he is enjoying his football because at Arsenal he plays in an offensive team. "I am not sure he will get the same pleasure at Chelsea, even though they are doing so well at the moment. "I have built a fantastic playing relationship with Ashley. "We play together so well - we could do it with our eyes shut. "But you have to respect the decision of the player. Everybody has that right." 

Wales coach elated with win  Mike Ruddock paid tribute to his Wales side after they came from 15-6 down to beat France 24-18 in the Six Nations.  "After going two tries down in 12 minutes we had to show character," said the national team coach. "I didn't have to tell them anything at half-time because those players have stared down the barrel of a gun before. "They decided they didn't want to do that again and came out fighting. It was a great team effort and we showed great character to come back." Man-of-the-match Stephen Jones, who kicked three penalties, a drop goal and conversion, was ecstatic following after the win at Stade de France.  "It's just a special moment. Two years ago we didn't win a single game in the Six Nations. But we're a very happy camp now," he said. "We worked hard as a squad and I'm a proud Welshman. We've got hard matches to come, so we're just happy with the start." Double try scorer Martyn Williams was keen not to talk about a possible Grand Slam for Wales. "We've got more self-belief these days. Two or three years ago we might have collapsed after going behind so early. "There's no mention of a Grand Slam among the players. We've got a tough game against Scotland at Murrayfield. They could bring us crashing down to earth." 

England need to regroup  South Africa duly levelled the series in mid-afternoon when England's unlikely top scorer, Steve Harmison, was caught in the gully for 42.  England now have three days of relaxation in Cape Town in which to contemplate their first defeat in 14 matches before heading to Johannesburg for the fourth Test. Coach Duncan Fletcher's main problem is that only a handful of players are currently pulling their weight. Of the bowlers, Matthew Hoggard is plugging away manfully, but he and Andrew Flintoff appear to be the only seam bowlers Michael Vaughan feels he can trust at present. Simon Jones is bowling steadily enough, yet Vaughan seems to bring him on only as a last resort while Harmison remains a shadow of the bowler who, until this tour, topped the world rankings. Spinner Ashley Giles was more consistent in Cape Town than in the previous Test, but rarely looked threatening. The lack of application of the batsmen, however, has been the principle reason for England having lost their lead. Andrew Strauss and Marcus Trescothick can be excused criticism, but even they would admit that, along with all the others, their wickets have been given away far too easily.  What must really frustrate Fletcher is that South Africa's bowling attack is little more than workmanlike, and should not have dismissed England for 139 in their first innings in Durban and 163 in the first innings here. On a wearing pitch, they still needed 124 overs to bowl England out a second time, and the last wicket pair of Harmison and Hoggard were able to add 51 with little difficulty. At least the news of Andrew Flintoff's injury is encouraging. An MRI scan revealed that his problem is an abdominal strain, rather than intercostal. Had it been the latter, it would have ended his tour at a stroke, but the belief now is that, with treatment, he should be fit to bowl in Johannesburg. If the injury does not recover in time, England face the nightmare of trying to choose a balanced team. Mark Butcher's prognosis does not appear to be as promising. He is wearing a cast on his left wrist which will be removed next week, but time seems to be running out for him. Neutral observers still believe that England are the better team, but having avoided defeat in Durban and scored a resounding victory here, South Africa now have the force with them. 

Liverpool revel in night of glory  Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez said their qualification for the next stage of the Champions League was "one of the proudest nights of my career."  The Reds beat Olympiakos 3-1 with a late Steven Gerrard strike and Benitez said: "It was a really great night. "The players ran hard all the time and you see how much it means to the fans. "We knew before the game that it was very important for the club to gain these extra finances. For Liverpool, this result is very, very important." Benitez hailed Gerrard for his match-winning strike four minutes from time and also the Anfield crowd for sticking by their side after they had fallen a goal behind at the interval. The Reds scored three second-half goals in a sensational comeback capped by Gerrard's 20-yard drive. He added: "Steven can play all over the pitch and he influences every part of the game.  "I have said to him many times that he has the freedom because he has talent and is very important to us. "I felt that the difference between the sides was really our supporters, I cannot thank them enough. "I want to say thank-you to the supporters, they were magnificent to help us achieve this result." Gerrard admitted he thought they were going out of the Champions League after trailing 1-0 at half-time. He said: "I'd be lying if I thought we were going through when we were losing at half-time.  "We had a mountain to climb, but we have climbed it and credit to everyone. "That was one of the best goals I have scored, I caught it sweet, I haven't caught one like that for ages. It was a massive night for me and the team." Liverpool's win means all four of England's Champions League representatives have reached the knockout stages for the first time. 

Kaif absence wrong - Azharuddin  India were wrong to leave Mohammad Kaif out of their squad for the first Test against Pakistan, according to former captain Mohammad Azharuddin.  Azharuddin, serving a life ban for match-fixing, feels the middle-order batsman deserves another chance. "Kaif batted very well against Australia on a tough wicket," Azharuddin told BBC Sport. "He's got a lot of talent and I am sure he cannot be held back. His omission is not good for his confidence." Kaif scored two fifties in last year's home series loss to the Aussies, while Yuvraj Singh failed badly against the same opponents yet was given a squad berth for the Mohali Test starting on 8 March.  Azharuddin reckons Vangipurappu Laxman should bat at first drop despite struggling for form. "Laxman has always played well when he has gone as number three," he said. "Lower down the order, a lot of pressure is on him and if I were the captain, I would have played him at number three." As well as spinners Harbhajan Singh and Anil Kumble, India have four pacemen to choose from after naming Ashish Nehra, Lakshmipathy Balaji, Irfan Pathan and Zaheer Khan in the 14-man squad. "All the four pace bowlers deserve to get into the team," Azharuddin added. Pakistan, minus injured paceman Shoaib Akhtar, are due to arrive in India on Monday ahead of their first warm-up match against the Indian Board President's XI starting on Thursday. "Shoaib Akhtar's absence in the Pakistani side is not going to make much of a difference," Azharuddin opined. "He may get a wicket or two but he has to be more consistent. Also, the Indian batting is very strong now."  Azharuddin maintains his innocence despite his central involvement in the match-fixing scandal of 2000 which saw Pakistani Salim Malik and the late Hansie Cronje of South Africa also receive life bans. In 99 Tests for India from 1984 to 2000, Azharuddin scored 6,215 runs at an average of 45 with 22 centuries. 

Parker misses England clash  Tom Shanklin will start in the centre for Wales against England in Cardiff on Saturday after Sonny Parker failed to recover from a trapped neck nerve.  Shanklin was first-choice wing in the autumn Tests, but prefers centre and will face England debutant Mathew Tait. Dragons three-quarter Hal Luscombe takes Shanklin's wing berth. Up front, Mefin Davies plays at hooker, open-side Martyn Williams is fit to start and lock Rob Sidoli replaces veteran Gareth Llewellyn. Davies wins the vote ahead of Robin McBryde, who sits on the bench having recently returned to action for the Scarlets following a neck injury.  Sidoli is back for the first time since last season's Six Nations, the Blues second row back to form after a niggling groin problem. Williams, Sidoli's team-mate at Cardiff, is set to win his 50th cap, replacing the injured Colin Charvis after making a quicker-than-expected recovery from a neck disc problem. "Initially when I had the diagnosis it was a case of trying to get fit for the Italy game next week, but fortunately my recovery has been a lot quicker than we all hoped," Williams told BBC Sport Wales. "I haven't started a game since 1 January and would have preferred to have a couple of games in the lead-up to this, but the good thing with the injury is that I have kept up my fitness levels. "I feel quite fresh and I just can't wait to play again." Williams says he expects a torrid time from an England loose-forward trio of Lewis Moody, Joe Worsley and Andy Hazell. "They are three top-class players, especially Worsley and Moody. They have been there and done it," Williams added. "They were back-ups behind Richard Hill, Neil Back and Lawrence Dallaglio, but now they have come forward and proved what good players they are - there are no weaknesses there." Luscombe gets the nod on the wing ahead of Dragons team-mate Kevin Morgan, who wins a place on the bench alongside uncapped Blues prop John Yapp.  G Thomas (Toulouse (capt); H Luscombe (Dragons), T Shanklin (Blues), G Henson (Ospreys), S Williams (Ospreys); S Jones (Clermont Auvergne), D Peel (Scarlets); G Jenkins (Blues), M Davies (Gloucester), A Jones (Ospreys), B Cockbain (Ospreys), R Sidoli (Blues), D Jones (Scarlets), M Williams (Blues), M Owen (Dragons).  R McBryde (Scarlets), J Yapp (Blues), J Thomas (Ospreys), R Jones (Ospreys), G Cooper (Dragons), C Sweeney (Dragons), K Morgan (Dragons). 

Edu blasts Arsenal  Arsenal's Brazilian midfielder Edu has hit out at the club for stalling over offering him a new contract.  Edu's deal expires next summer and he has been linked with Spanish trio Real Madrid, Barcelona and Valencia. He told BBC Sport: "I'm not sure if I want to stay or not because the club have let the situation go on this far. "If they had really wanted to sign they should have come up with an offer six months before indicating they wanted to sign me and that's made me think." Edu's brother and representative Amadeo Fensao has previously said that Arsenal's current offer to the midfielder was well short of what he was seeking. And Edu, 26, added: "My brother is due to come to London on Thursday.  "There is a meeting planned for 6 or 7 January to sort it out with Arsenal. "Now I have a choice to stay or go. I want to sort it out as soon as possible, that's in the best interests of both the club and myself. "I'm going to make my decision after the meeting later this week." Edu is now able to begin negotiations with other clubs because Fifa regulations allow players to start talks six months before their contracts expire. The midfielder, who broke in to the Brazilian national side in 2004, admitted he had been flattered to have been linked with the three Spanish giants. Edu said: "I've just heard stories from the news that the Madrid president Florentino Perez, the Valencia people, as well as Barcelona are interested.  "That's nice, but I've never talked to them, so I can't say they want me sign 100%." Last month Wenger said he we was hopeful Edu would sign a new deal and played down suggestions that the lure of a club like Real Madrid would be too strong for Edu. Edu added that he had been encouraged by Wenger's support for him. "I still have a good relationship with Arsene Wenger - he's always said he wants me to sign." 

Vickery out of Six Nations  England tight-head prop Phil Vickery has been ruled out of the rest of the 2005 RBS Six Nations after breaking a bone in his right forearm.  Vickery was injured as his club side, Gloucester, beat Bath 17-16 in the West country derby on Saturday. He could be joined on the sidelines by Bath centre Olly Barkley, who sat out the derby due to a leg injury. Barkley will have a scan on Sunday and might miss England's trip to Six Nations leaders Ireland next weekend. The news is just the latest blow for coach Andy Robinson, who has seen his side lose their opening two matches in the 2005 Six Nations. Robinson is already without World Cup winners Jonny Wilkinson, Will Greenwood, Mike Tindall, Richard Hill and Trevor Woodman through injury. Vickery has broken the radius, a large bone in his forearm. He only returned to the England side last weekend after a long-term back injury, which was followed by a fractured eye socket. And the Gloucester prop was only recalled after Leicester tight-head Julian White suffered a neck injury which has already seen him ruled out of the Ireland game.  Bath prop Matt Stevens is the only remaining tight-head in England's training squad and could be involved against Ireland. But he has to play second fiddle at club level to Duncan Bell, who excelled for England A against France and may now be called into the squad. The extent of Barkley's injury is not yet clear but Bath boss John Connolly rates him no better than "50-50" to face Ireland. Barkley played at inside cente in England's defeat by France and if he is unable to play, England's constantly-changing midfield will once again have to be altered.  Robinson could choose to recall Mathew Tait or Henry Paul, although Tait endured a nightmare for Newcastle against Leicester on Saturday and Paul limped off with an ankle injury against Bath. In-form Leicester centre Ollie Smith is the other outstanding candidate, and two tries against Newcastle will have boosted his chances. Fly-half Andy Goode is also a strong contender for the match-day 22 after an immaculate kicking display on Saturday. England, fourth in the Six Nations table with zero points, play Ireland, top of the table, in Dublin on 27 February, kick-off 1500 GMT. 

Benitez joy as Reds take control  Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez was satisfied after his team's 3-1 win over Bayer Leverkusen despite conceding a goal in the last minute.  "Before the game if you had said the score will be 3-1 I would have happily accepted that," said Benitez. "But you must realise that you have to concentrate right to the very last seconds of a game at this level. "I have confidence that we can complete the task in Germany. I am always confident and we must be positive."  Benitez defended goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek, whose failure to hold on to Dimitar Berbatov's weak drive allowed Franca to score with the last kick of the game - and give the German team a lifeline for the second leg. "For me it was not Jerzy Dudek's fault," added Benitez. "He had played a very good game - and had we scored our other chances, nobody would be talking about about their goal. It would not have mattered. "If we had scored our other chances it would not have been worth remembering that last goal. "In my opinion Jerzy played well, made two very fine saves - and I am happy with him. "If we lose 2-0 we are out but I think we can score in Germany - certainly one, and that will make all the difference." And the Liverpool boss is looking forward to having skipper Steven Gerrard, who was suspended for the Anfield leg, back for the return in Germany.  "Steven Gerrard is a key player for us," said Benitez. "When he is on the pitch he makes everyone else play better - and the opposition pay special attention to him - which gives space for others. "Steven is one of the best players in the world, but I need a team that is not about just one player. There must be 11 players on the pitch all doing well." 

Robertson out to retain Euro lure  Hearts manager John Robertson hopes a place in the knock-out stages of the Uefa Cup could help keep some of his out-of-contract players at the club.  "It could help. If we get through and have another European tie it may encourage players to stay at least until the end of the season," he said. "If we manage to get through it shows how well the club's progressing. "They have to think whether they are going to get other clubs like that should they decide to move on." A win for Robertson's side against Ferencvaros would put them through to the last 32 if Basle fail to beat Feyenoord. "It's very much the player's prerogative but the fact that we've been playing European football for the last three or four years is obviously an incentive," added Robertson. "But we want players who want to play for the football club, who are committed and a run in Europe always helps a little bit." With the game being played at Murrayfield instead of Tynecastle because of Uefa regulations, Robertson sees both positive and negative aspects to the change of venue.  "The pitch is not in the greatest condition. The Heineken Cup game was there at the weekend and the pitch is a bit threadbare," he said. "It's not ideal but it's the same for both teams so we just have to go out and there and perform. That's the most important thing." But he added: "If Tynecastle could have hosted 30,000 it would have been fantastic but that's one of the benefits of Murrayfield - it allows us to bring even more of our supporters into it. "There will be a good atmosphere and the Hearts fans have an important role to play. "We need their encouragement, we need them to get right behind the side and make it as good an atmosphere as possible. "Hopefully the players will respond to that and I know they will because it's a fantastic European night for the club." 

Hantuchova in Dubai last eight  Daniela Hantuchova moved into the quarter-finals of the Dubai Open, after beating Elene Likhotseva of Russia 7-5 6-4, and now faces Serena Williams.  Australian Open champion Williams survived an early scare to beat Russia's Elena Bovina 1-6 6-1 6-4. World number one Lindsay Davenport and Anastasia Myskina also progressed. Davenport defeated China's Jie Zheng 6-2 7-5, while French Open champion Myskina sailed through after her opponent Marion Bartoli retired hurt. American Davenport will now face fellow former Wimbledon champion, Conchita Martinez of Spain, who ousted seventh-seeded Nathalie Dechy of France 6-1 6-2. Myskina will face eighth-seed Patty Schnyder from Switzerland, who defeated China's Li Na 6-3 7-6 (10-8). The other quarter final pits wild card Sania Mirza of India against Jelena Jankovic of Serbia and Montenegro, who both won on Tuesday.  Before her meeting with Martinez, Davenport believes there is some room for improvement in her game. "I started well and finished well, but played some so-so games in the middle," she said. Williams was also far from content. "I don't know what I was doing there," she said. "It was really windy and I hadn't played in the wind. All my shots were going out of here." But Hantuchova is in upbeat mood ahead of her clash with the younger Williams sister, who was handed a first-round bye. "I feel I have an advantage (over Serena) because I have already played two matches on these courts," she said. "It is a difficult court to play on. Very fast and sometimes you feel you have no control over the ball." 

England fail to finish job again  England have done their best throughout this series to suggest that they are vulnerable and, on a rain-hit third day at Centurion, their batsmen did it again.  When Michael Vaughan horribly mis-pulled Shaun Pollock to square leg for a four-ball duck, England had lost three tame wickets for two runs in three overs. They seemed to be doing their best to keep the game open when they should have been doing their utmost to close it down. The first to go was Marcus Trescothick who was run out thanks to a misjudgement by Andrew Strauss. Trescothick - at the non-striker's end - responded to Strauss's call when he drove Makhaya Ntini to straight mid off. But Strauss suddenly changed his mind and as Trescothick tried desperately to regain his ground, Nicky Boje swooped one-handed and threw the stumps down direct. Robert Key fell three overs later when he was caught behind down the leg side for a single. Key glared at Umpire Bucknor when he raised his finger, and dragged himself off the ground, but replays suggested that he had, indeed, touched the ball.  Four balls later, Vaughan was caught and England were reeling on 29-3. Andrew Strauss then appeared completely to lose touch and, frankly, Graham Thorpe has only very occasionally been in form throughout the series. The left-handers scratched about, barely laying bat on ball, but somehow they survived, despite some very close lbw appeals. They managed to add 85 between the interruptions until Strauss uncharacteristically chased a ball well wide of his off stump from Andre Nel and edged to Boucher for 44. Moments later, lightening drove the players from the ground. Time is ticking away now and, with just two days to go, it would take something remarkable for the South Africans to win the match from here. But England's fallibility, and their growing tendency to allow the opposition a second chance is something that should concern their supporters. Everyone is anticipating a close, exciting Ashes series in the summer. But, being completely honest, England will have to improve enormously on their efforts on this tour even to come close to threatening the Aussies. 

Vaughan endures day to forget  This was England's worst day for a long time, and was capped by captain Michael Vaughan being fined 100% of his match fee.  Match referee Clive Lloyd's decision followed criticism from Vaughan of the umpires' handling of the bad light decisions on the second day.  The bowling throughout the day was awful and, two balls from the close, Geraint Jones dived directly in front of Marcus Trescothick at first slip and dropped Herschelle Gibbs on 136. Having declared, and sacrificed the possibility of reaching a century, Michael Vaughan must have been horrified by the manner in which his bowlers responded. Briefly the conditions were ideal, with low cloud hanging over the ground, and although this was soon replaced by clear blue sky which made batting easier, the direction of Steve Harmison in particular was woeful. His first eight overs conceded only nine runs, simply because the batsmen could not reach the ball. Far too many deliveries went down the leg-side and even Matthew Hoggard was below his best, four wickets notwithstanding.  Understandably James Anderson was rusty having not played a match since 4 December but Harmison's day was made complete when he hobbled off with a calf strain. Graeme Smith and Gibbs got away to a flier but were separated in the 16th over when Smith was trapped lbw to Hoggard for 29. This has been a disappointing series so far for the South African captain and his demise was all the more embarrassing because he fell over and was flat on the ground when umpire Bucknor finally raised his painfully slow finger. The bowling was still erratic, but Hoggard struck again six overs later when Rudolph laced a wide half volley to gully where Ashley Giles took a stinging catch that dislocated his right thumb.  Jacques Kallis again looked very well set, and the stand with Gibbs during the afternoon was looking ominous until Hoggard found some extra bounce and Kallis, aiming to force off the back foot, chopped the ball into his stumps for 33. Boeta Dippenaar is one of the least exciting batsmen currently in Test cricket, and after 37 minutes, he fell to a low catch at slip for a duck. The ball was so low to the ground when Trescothick took it that Dippenaar was reluctant to go. TV replays - which are only used now when the umpires are unsighted - would probably have given the batsman the benefit of the doubt, but Mr Dar sent him on his way to a chorus of boos from the crowd. AB DeVilliers joined Gibbs, who was now strangely becalmed and only 65 runs were scored in the afternoon session, but after DeVilliers hooked Hoggard and was caught at long leg for 19, Gibbs reached his 14th century in almost five and a half hours. The second new ball failed to force an immediate breakthrough as Gibbs and Boucher launched a counter attack and added 120 crucial runs before Boucher was caught at point for 64. 

Calder fears for Scottish rugby  Former Scotland international Finlay Calder fears civil war at the SRU could seriously hamper his country's RBS Six Nations campaign.  Four members of the executive board, including the chairman, David Mackay, have resigned after a simmering row. And Calder said: "This is terrible news for every level of Scottish rugby. "David is a successful businessman and I thought that if anybody could transform the negative atmosphere and rising debt level, it was him." Mackay's executive board has been in a power struggle with the general committee, which contains members elected by Scotland's club sides. "He has been driven out by people who seem happier waging civil war than addressing the central issue that professional rugby can't be run by amateurs," said Calder.  "In fact, I don't understand why we are still having this argument 10 years after professionalism arrived. "But I don't believe the rest of the SRU will take this lying down. "I think the banks will be dismayed at this decision and, ultimately, it is them who pull the strings. "So I wouldn't be surprised if they reviewed their position. But, in the wider picture, what message does this send out?" He thought the work of Scotland's coaches, who have been attempting to arrest the decline of the national side, would be made much more difficult. "Matt Williams and Willie Anderson must be wondering, 'what have we walked into here?'" said Calder. "And we can now expect weeks of arguments and acrimony just at a time when we should be looking forward to the Six Nations Championship. "I am very, very disappointed, more than you can imagine. Why do so many Scots have this knack of turning on each other when the going gets tough?" 

Kenya lift Chepkemei's suspension  Kenya's athletics body has reversed a ban on marathon runner Susan Chepkemei after she made an official apology.  Athletics Kenya (AK) had suspended the two-time London Marathon runner-up for failing to turn up to a cross-country team training camp in Embu. "We have withdrawn the ban. Chepkemei has given a reason for her absence," said AK chief Isaiah Kiplagat. "She explained she had a contract with the organisers of the race in Puerto Rice and we have accepted her apology."  The Kenyan coaching team will now decide whether Chepkemei can be included in the team for this month's world cross country championships. The 29-year-old would be a strong contender at the event in France and is hopeful she will be granted a place in the 32-strong squad. "I am satisfied that the whole saga has been brought to an end," Chepkemei said. "I am ready and prepared to represent my country. "I will be disappointed if I am not given a chance to compete at the world cross country championships." AK had insisted it was making an example of Chepkemei by banning her from competition until the end of 2005. But the organisation came under intense international and domestic pressure to reverse its decision. The 29-year-old took part in the 2002 and 2003 London Marathons and was edged out by Radcliffe in an epic New York Marathon contest last year.  The two-time world half-marathon silver medallist will be back to challenge Radcliffe at this year's London event in April. AK also dropped its harsh stance on three-time world cross country 4km champion Edith Masai. Masai missed Kenya's world cross country trials because of an ankle problem but AK insisted it would take disciplinary action unless she could prove she was really injured. "Subject to our doctor's confirmation, we have decided to clear Masai," added Kiplagat. 

Downing injury mars Uefa victory  Middlesbrough boss Steve McClaren hopes that Stewart Downing did not seriously damage his hamstring during the 2-1 Uefa Cup win over Graz AK.  The winger was carried off on a stretcher in the closing stages as Boro booked their place in the last 16. McClaren said: "Stewart has tweaked a hamstring, which is a blow for us. We will assess it in the morning. "But I'm delighted with the match result. They say in sport you can win ugly - and we certainly did." McClaren was relieved to make it through after a tough encounter at The Riverside.  "To be fair to Graz, they had a gameplan - they knocked the ball forward, especially in the first half, and we struggled to deal with it. "In the second half we were better but it was frustrating because we got the goal - but one slip and they were back in it." Boro face Sporting Lisbon for a place in the quarter-finals after the Portuguese side saw off Feyenoord on Thursday. And McClaren added: "Sporting are technically very good - Portuguese sides always are. "But the journey goes on for us and we will now go to their magnificent stadium - after the first game here - we'll look forward to it." Goalscorer Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink added: "It wasn't a particularly beautiful match to watch - but they made it difficult for us. "We didn't play well at all. But you need a little bit of luck and I think we got that when my shot went through the legs of their goalkeeper. "I would have liked to play in Holland - that would have been a little bit special to me. "But so is going back to Portugal - I'll be playing against some lads I played with at Boavista." 

Jol joy at 'professional' Cup win  Tottenham manager Martin Jol acclaimed his players for their patience in their 3-0 FA Cup fifth-round victory over a determined Nottingham Forest side.  "We had the initiative but it wasn't easy. It was a professional sort of performance," the Dutchman said. "Forest played with a lot of players behind the ball in the first half, but at 2-0 they were dead and buried." Looking ahead to the quarter-final, Jol said: "Newcastle have got a very good side and they are always difficult." However, he added that his side, who are four places above the Magpies in the Premiership, were "not afraid of anyone". Robbie Keane, skipper for the night and scorer of the crucial second goal, echoed his manager's sentiments on the last-eight match. "They're on a high, but we're confident and in the last few games we've played well and hopefully we can go there and get the win," he said.  He conceded the win over Forest, which included goals from Noe Pamarot and Mido, was not pretty to watch. "It wasn't the best display but it's all about the result," the Irishman said. "We knew it was going to be difficult with the conditions. The pitch wasn't the best but we still tried to pass it. "We dug in and the gaffer said to us at half-time to keep being patient and that the goal will come." Forest manager Gary Megson conceded his team did not deserve anything after a poor performance. "If you play like we did and concede two goals from corners you're going to have an uphill battle against a very good team," he said. "If we defend in the Championship like we did we'll not get another point. "We were organised but I felt at times we thought the system would be enough but we didn't look like scoring." 

Clijsters sets up Venus match-up  Kim Clijsters continued her comeback from a wrist injury with a 7-5 6-7 6-1 win over Russia's Nadia Petrova in round two of the Antwerp Diamond Games.  The Belgian will meet fellow former world number one Venus Williams in the quarter-finals after the American swept past France's Virginie Razzano 6-3 6-0. Clijsters, sidelined since October, edged a high-quality first set. But Petrova hit back in a second-set tiebreak before Clijsters pulled clear in the decider, breaking three times. "Everything's fine with the wrist," said Clijsters. "I could do everything I wanted to with my backhand - long backhand cross rallies, slicing. I really enjoyed every backhand.  "I had the intention of wearing Petrova down and I did. It was a relief to win a three-set match. "These are the kind of matches I have been looking forward to for a long time." And the Belgian is looking forward to facing a severe test from Williams. "A quarter-final against Venus is a nice prospect," said Clijsters. "I saw her play and she is very strong right now, completely focused. "It will be difficult on Friday, but fun as well." Third seed Williams, who will get a gold and diamond-encrusted racket should she add to her 2002 and 2003 event wins, was barely troubled against Razzano. "My tennis was very good today," she said. "But it is no surprise to me because I feel very healthy and have been working well lately." 

Wilkinson to lead England  Fly-half Jonny Wilkinson has been named as England's new rugby union captain for the three November Tests.  The 25-year-old Newcastle star takes over from Lawrence Dallaglio, who retired from internationals in August. England's acting head coach Andy Robinson said: "He is a natural leader, holds the respect of the squad and is a formidable talent on the pitch. "And he consistently demonstrates the energy and commitment I feel is essential to be captain of England." Robinson added: "There are several players in the squad I would feel comfortable in calling upon to be England captain but for me Jonny is in every way the right player to take on this challenge. "Captaincy offers a challenging environment for any player, especially following in the footsteps of Lawrence Dallaglio and before him the World Cup captain, Martin Johnson.  "But I am confident Jonny has what it takes to do an outstanding job as we look ahead towards the next Rugby World Cup in France and I look forward to working with him." Wilkinson, who has scored 817 points in 52 internationals, kicked the winning drop-goal in the final seconds of extra-time in England's 2003 Rugby World Cup triumph against Australia. But he then missed the entire 2004 Six Nations campaign while recuperating from shoulder surgery, before making his comeback for Newcastle in the Zurich Premiership in August. "It's the ambition of so many players to one day be captain of England and today I have realised a dream," he said. "I'm honoured Andy wants me to be his captain, and to follow Lawrence and Martin means a lot to me as they are inspirational men who have given so much to England rugby over many years.  "Getting my first England cap against Ireland six years ago was something I'll never forget because to play for your country is very special. Taking on the captaincy is another important step in my career and I do so with immense pride." Wilkinson made his international debut in the 1998 Six Nations Championship against Ireland when he came off the bench to replace Paul Grayson.  He has been a regular in the England starting line-up ever since, played in all three Lions Tests in 2001 and all but one of England's games in the 2003 World Cup. He becomes the 117th captain of England since Fred Stokes held the position in 1871. England's first autumn Test is against Canada on 13 November, followed by the visit of Tri-Nations champions South Africa a week later and then a World Cup re-match with Australia. 

Bees handed potential Man Utd tie  Brentford face a home tie against holders Manchester United in the FA Cup sixth round if they can come through their replay against Southampton.  The League One side held the Saints at St Mary's in their fifth-round tie and were rewarded with a potential draw against Sir Alex Ferguson's side. Newcastle will be at home to either Tottenham or Nottingham Forest. Bolton host Arsenal or Sheffield United and Leicester will visit the winners of the Burnley and Blackburn replay. The ties will be played on the weekend of 12-13 March.  was delighted to be paired with United, although he admitted they still have plenty of work to do to set up a dream tie. "We've got our work cut out next Tuesday but you can't deny it's exciting," he said.  "It would be a sell-out. It will probably be on television. We have financial problems and the revenue it could bring in would certainly help our situation. "We're happy to be in the draw but we've still got to beat a Premiership team. "We've got to beat Southampton first and that's going to be a hard game but if we do there will be some celebration."  welcomed the opportunity to face United. "We're not counting on anything yet," he said. "It is obviously going to be a difficult replay judging by the way Brentford came back at us on Saturday and the fact that United have come out of the hat will give them even more incentive. "But I've been drawn against United so many times in cups and beaten them at both Bournemouth and West Ham. "There are no easy ties in the FA Cup and I'm sure nobody is counting on one."  Newcastle v Tottenham or Nottingham Forest  Southampton or Brentford v Manchester United  Bolton v Arsenal or Sheffield United  Burnley or Blackburn v Leicester 

Wasps thrown out of Powergen Cup  Zurich Premiership champions Wasps have been disqualified from the Powergen Cup by the Rugby Football Union (RFU) for fielding an ineligible player.  Hooker Jonny Barrett played in Wasps' sixth-round 43-33 win over Bristol last weekend even though he was cup-tied. The ruling by the RFU is unprecedented in English rugby and means Bristol will take Wasps' quarter-final place against local rivals Gloucester on 22 January. Wasps have no plans to appeal against the decision. "The club has admitted its mistake and needs to take the punishment like all clubs in this tournament," said Wasps chief executive David Davies.  "At this time of year, with other major games coming up, it was in everyone's best interest to make a quick decision and allow us to concentrate on the upcoming fixtures against Gloucester and Biarritz in the Heineken Cup. "We regret the deep embarrassment this incident causes to the club, our supporters and its players." During a loan spell at Henley earlier this season, Barrett took part in the club's third-round defeat at the hands of Moseley on 16 October. Wasps director of rugby Warren Gatland then fielded the hooker against the Shoguns in contravention of RFU rules.  The mistake, described as "an administrative oversight", came to light after a joint investigation between Wasps and the RFU.  "We have accepted it as a mistake made on the part of the club," said RFU community and operations director Terry Burwell. "The regulations are very clear, however, and we had no other option but to enforce them. The penalty will take effect for this season only." Wasps won English rugby's premier domestic cup competition in 1999 and 2000. But the news they will not be able to advance this time around will further dent their ambitions this season. Wasps are struggling to maintain their Heineken Cup title defence after back-to-back defeats by Leicester earlier this month in the group stages. And the reigning domestic champions are second behind the Tigers in the Premiership. 

Sri Lanka cancel tour  Sri Lanka have cancelled their cricket tour of New Zealand following the tsunami disaster that has ravaged the country, it has been confirmed.  The tour had been put on hold after the first one-day international game was played on 26 December, the same day the tidal wave struck the island country. Sri Lanka Cricket initially said it would postpone the tour but on Wednesday decided to pull out. "We fully understand the decision," said ICC chief executive Malcolm Speed. The latest death toll for Sri Lankans caught up in the disaster stands at 22,000. A statement from Sri Lanka Cricket stated: "The Sri Lankan cricketers have always stood by the people of this country in good times and bad times. "The cancellation of this tour will enable the cricketers to help the board assist victims of the disaster." Speed said: "The impact of the tsunami on Sri Lanka has been devastating. "In this situation where two of our members have agreed to postpone the series there is no issue of fines or compensation. "The Sri Lankan players will now be able to return to their families and the series will be replayed at a date in the future to be confirmed." The tour, comprising one-day internationals and Test matches, will now be rescheduled by both cricket boards by mutual agreement.  None of the Sri Lanka squad lost family members in the disaster, but the mothers of Sanath Jayasuriya and Upul Chandana are believed to have been injured. Star spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan, meanwhile, came within minutes of being caught up in the huge tidal waves which swept across the Sri Lankan coastline at Galle. "I missed the wave by 20 minutes. I had only just left Galle so I am very lucky to be alive," he said, having had to miss the early part of the tour due to injury. New Zealand Cricket chief executive Martin Snedden said: "We will now give the Sri Lankan cricket team every assistance to return home as soon as possible. "As the magnitude of the recent events in Sri Lanka has unfolded it has become more difficult for the Sri Lankan team to remain in New Zealand." 

Robinson wants dual code success  England rugby union captain Jason Robinson has targeted dual code success over Australia on Saturday.  Robinson, a former rugby league international before switching codes in 2000, leads England against Australia at Twickenham at 1430 GMT. And at 1815 GMT, Great Britain's rugby league team take on Australia in the final of the Tri-Nations tournament. "Beating the Aussies in both games would be a massive achievement, especially for league," said Robinson. England have the chance to seal their third autumn international victory after successive wins over Canada and South Africa, as well as gaining revenge for June's 51-15 hammering by the Wallabies. Meanwhile, Great Britain could end 34 years of failure against Australia with victory at Elland Road. Britain have won individual Test matches, but have failed to secure any silverware or win the Ashes (with a series victory) since 1970.  "They have a great opportunity to land a trophy and it would be a massive boost for rugby league in this country if we won," said Robinson. "I know the boys can do it - they've defeated the Aussies once already in the Tri-Nations." But Robinson was not losing sight of the task facing his England side in their final autumn international. "For us, we've played two and won two this November," he said. "If we beat Australia it would be the end to a great autumn series for England. If we stumble then we'll be looking back with a few regrets. Robinson also revealed that the union side had sent the Great Britain team a good luck message ahead of the showdown in Leeds. "We signed a card for them today and will write them an email on Saturday wishing them all the best," said Robinson. "Everyone has signed the card - a lot of the guys watch league and we support them fully. "Both games will be very tough and hopefully we'll both do well." 

Ferdinand casts doubt over Glazer  Rio Ferdinand has said he is unsure of Malcolm Glazer's motives after the American billionaire launched a new offer to buy Manchester United.  The club have confirmed that the Glazer Family Partnership have submitted proposals of a third bid. "A lot of people want the club's interest to be with people who have grown up with the club and have got its interests at heart," said Ferdinand. "No one knows what this guy will be bringing to the table." The central defender added on BBC Radio Five Live: "We will have to wait and see what Glazer comes with. "I would like to see the situation resolved either way. "I think people are getting bored with him coming in and out of the news with new proposals. "The other stuff off the pitch takes the shine off what is going on the pitch."  Glazer, currently owns a 28.1% stake in the club, and United's statement to the stock exchange said: "The board has noted the recent press speculation on this subject. "The board can confirm that it has now received a detailed proposal subject to various pre-conditions which may form the basis of an offer for Manchester United from Glazer. "A further announcement will be made in due course." Glazer's previous bids for the club, which United supporters opposed, were rejected by the board because of the high level of debt they would incur. But it is believed that Glazer has substantially reduced the borrowing required for his latest move. He will still need the approval of major shareholders John Magnier and JP McManus, who own 28.9% of the club to succeed. But the Irish duo have cut off talks with Glazer over the proposed sale of their stake, while fans remain opposed to his involvement. 

Wenger shock at Newcastle dip  Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has admitted he is at a loss to explain why Newcastle are languishing in the bottom half of the table.  The Gunners travel to St James' Park on Wednesday, with Newcastle 14th in the Premiership after a troubled season. And Wenger said: "At the beginning of the season you would expect them to be fighting for the top four. "I don't know how they got to be where they are. It looks to me from the outside that they have many injuries."  Arsenal go into the game on the back of a 2-0 victory over Fulham on Sunday. And Wenger added: "The best way to prepare for a game is to win the previous one. We will go to Newcastle in good shape. "Fatigue won't play too big a part in the next few weeks as we have players coming back so I can rotate a bit more. "We do not play a season with 11 players and I believe that all of our squad deserve a chance in the team." Striker Thierry Henry, along with Robert Pires, scored against Fulham. And Henry afterwards described the display as "beautiful to watch". He said: "What matters is winning and the three points, of course. That is the only thing that really matters. But it is more enjoyable when you play like we did against Fulham. "We are playing as a team and that is important because there were some games when we maybe were not there as a team and suffered for that. Those were games we lost." 

Tudor given fresh start by Essex  Former England paceman Alex Tudor has joined Essex on a one-year contract.  The 27-year-old, who 10 Test caps, was released by Surrey at the end of last season after 10 years at The Oval. He only played one Championship game in 2004 because of a side injury and has agreed 'performance related' terms with Essex after treatment by a specialist. "I am determined to repay Essex for the faith they have shown in me. This is a new start for me and I am just itching to get out on the field," he said. "[Essex captain] Ronnie Irani phoned me up after he heard I'd been released by Surrey and said he wanted to get me fit. Even if I didn't sign he just wanted to get me back on the cricket field. "I've had a spinal problem and Essex put me in touch with some people in Germany and I owe them a lot," he added. Tudor is also a useful performer with the bat and became an overnight hero in 1999 when his innings of 99 not out against New Zealand saw England to a Test victory at Edgbaston. He last played for England on the 2002-03 Ashes tour when, ironically, he joined the squad as a replacement for new Essex team-mate Darren Gough. Irani described Tudor as a "world-class signing".  He told the club's website: "He is a role model professional with a first-class attitude who will be a great asset to the team. "There has obviously been a question mark over Alex's fitness record of late but he has gone to extreme measures in order to get himself back on track. "If all goes well then hopefully we will be talking about Alex Tudor in the future as an Essex and England player." The signing was also welcomed by coach Graham Gooch, who was England manager on Tudor's first tour to Australia in 1998-99. "I had nothing other than praise for the way he conducted himself - both on the field where he performed well in all three disciplines and in the dressing room," said Gooch. "Alex is an international quality player and good team man who will be well motivated to prove his doubters wrong." 

Redknapp's Saints face Pompey tie  New Southampton manager Harry Redknapp faces an immediate reunion with his old club Portsmouth after they were drawn together in the FA Cup fourth round.  Exeter City face a home tie against Middlesbrough if they can see off holders Manchester United in a replay. Oldham's reward for beating Manchester City is a home tie with Bolton, while Yeovil will be away to Charlton. Chelsea host Birmingham, Tottenham travel to West Brom and Arsenal will entertain Championship side Wolves. Saints boss Redknapp was upbeat about the draw despite having to face the club he walked out on just six weeks ago. "I've said before, I can walk away from Portsmouth with my head held high, I'm proud of what I did there and no one can take that away from me," said Redknapp. "Maybe I'll be in for some stick, there's always some of that but we'll get on with it and it's only a game of football." Birmingham manager Steve Bruce admitted their trip to Stamford Bridge to face Premiership leaders Chelsea was the toughest draw possible. Bruce said: "I'm still in shock. We've given good accounts of ourselves against Chelsea in the past and played well when we lost 1-0 at home at the start of the season - but that's the past. "But it's the best competition in the world as far as I am concerned and we will give it our best shot." Brentford boss Martin Allen remained cautious despite his side's favourable draw - a home tie with either Hartlepool or Boston. "The best thing is, it's a home game. However, we know that whoever we play it is going to be a really tough game," said Allen. "But it's not about the opposition, it's about us. We all want to get through to the next round and face a massive team, that's the way it is."  Meanwhile, the BBC has confirmed it will be televising Exeter's replay with Man Utd live on Wednesday 19 January, from 1930 on BBC One.  Derby v Watford or Fulham  Man Utd or Exeter v Middlesbrough  Cardiff or Blackburn v Colchester  Chelsea v Birmingham  West Ham v Sheff Utd  Oldham v Bolton  Arsenal v Wolverhampton  Everton v Sunderland  Nottm Forest v Peterborough  Brentford v Hartlepool or Boston  Reading or Swansea v Leicester or Blackpool  Burnley or Liverpool v Bournemouth  Southampton v Portsmouth  West Brom v Tottenham  Newcastle v Coventry  Charlton v Yeovil 

Roddick into San Jose final  Andy Roddick will play Cyril Saulnier in the final of the SAP Open in San Jose on Sunday.  The American top seed and defending champion overcame Germany's Tommy Haas, the third seed, 7-6 (7-3) 6-3. And Saulnier survived an injury scare in his semi-final with seventh-seeded Austrian Jurgen Melzer. The Frenchman twisted his ankle early in the second set but overcame Melzer, who was left fuming over a series of line calls, 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 6-3. "I was feeling horrible earlier in the week," Roddick said. "I thought tonight was another step in the right direction. "On my returns, I was standing in more and I'm getting a little more depth, even if I don't hit a perfect return."  Roddick won the last four points of the first-set tie-break before being broken at the start of the second set. But he broke straight back and then broke Haas again to lead 4-2. "It's extremely frustrating when you have chances against a top-five player and don't do anything with them," admitted Haas. "I rushed a few backhands and he took advantage." Saulnier will move into the world's top 50 for the first time after his passage through to the final. "It's taken a lot of work and a lot of fighting in my mind," he revealed. "Sometimes I didn't believe I could get to a final and now I am here. I've stayed mentally strong. "I'm on the way. I'll keep fighting and work a lot and I'll be up there." 

Mido makes third apology  Ahmed 'Mido' Hossam has made another apology to the Egyptian people in an attempt to rejoin the national team.  The 21-year-old told a news conference in Cairo on Sunday that he is sorry for the problems that have led to his exclusion from the Pharaohs since July last year. Mido said: "There isn't much I have to say today, all there is to say is that I came specially from England to Egypt to rejoin the national team and to apologise for all my mistakes." Mido was axed by former coach Marco Tardelli after failing to answer a national call-up, claiming he had a groin injury. But he then played in a friendly for his club AS Roma within 24 hours of a World Cup qualifying match at home to Cameroon last September. Mido added: "It's not my right to give orders and say when I want to play ... at the same time I will always make sure that I put the national's team's matches as my top priority. "I feel that the national players are playing with a new spirit as I saw them play against Belgium (Egypt won 4-0 on Wednesday) and I simply want to add to their success. "I do confess that I was rude to the Egyptian press at times but now I have gained more experience and know that I will never go anywhere without the press's support. "Many of the international stars like David Beckham and (Zinedine) Zidane had the press opposing them. "So I'm now used to the fact that the press can be against me at times and I don't have to overreact when this happens. Meanwhile, Egypt FA spokesman Methat Shalaby welcomed the apology and said no one had exerted pressure on Mido to apologise. "Mido's apology today does not negatively affect Mido in anyway, on the contrary it makes him a bigger star and a role model for all football players," Shalaby said. Shalaby earlier said that after an apology Mido would be available for the national side if coach Hassan Shehata chose him. Mido joined Tottenham in an 18-month loan deal near the end of the January transfer window, scoring twice on his debut against Portsmouth. 

Pakistan promised tough warm-up  Tour match, Dharamshala: Indian Board President's XI v Pakistan  Match starts 0400 GMT Thursday  Batsman Kaif will lead a Board President's XI in a three-day game at Dharamshala after being overlooked by India for next week's first Test. The ground is 1,300 feet above sea level but Pakistan do not expect conditions to be a problem. "We have played in Johannesburg, so altitude is not an issue," team manager Salim Altaf commented. Pakistan have a number of selection issues, but paln to field the same XI which plays against the President's XI in the first Test. Salman Butt, Yasir Hameed and Taufeeq Umar appear to be competing for two places at the top of the order. And there may only be room for two seamers from Mohammad Sami, Naved-ul-Hasan and Mohammad Khalil if Danish Kaneria and Arshad Khan are chosen to form a spin bowling partnership in Mohali. "We expect pitches to turn in India and our players will have to learn to adapt themselves, but we have a talented batting line-up. We have a good team in the making," said coach Bob Woolmer. "We have an effective spinner in Kaneria, who can become one of the best leg-spinners in world cricket. He has the potential as he is a different type of leg-spinner." The match is Pakistan's only warm-up before the start of the Test series but it could be disrupted by the weather. Tuesday's practice session was cancelled because of rain and further downpours are forecast until the weekend. Woolmer, has, meanwhile, been trying to take some of the pressure off his players ahead of the Tests. "Cricket is a game. Pressure can be alleviated if you can play and enjoy it," he said. "Essentially in cricket you create your own pressure."  Mohammad Kaif (capt), Satyajit Parab, Dheeraj Jadhav, Shikhir Dhawan, Venugopala Rao, Suresh Raina, Neeraj Patel, Parthiv Patel, Ramesh Powar, Shib Shankar Paul, Rudra Pratap Singh, Gagandeep Singh, Ranadeb Bose, Ram Kumar.  Inzamam-ul-Haq (capt), Salman Butt, Yasir Hameed, Younis Khan, Yousuf Youhana, Shoaib Malik, Abdul Razzaq, Kamran Akmal, Rana Naved-ul-Hasan, Mohammad Sami, Danish Kaneria, Mohammad Khalil, Asim Kamal, Taufeeq Umar, Shahid Afridi, Arshad Khan. 

Flintoff fit to bowl at Wanderers  Fourth Test, Wanderers: South Africa v England  Plays starts 0830 GMT  The fourth Test begins at the Wanderers on Thursday. Trescothick said: "We're allowed the odd blip here and there. "You don't win eight in a row without being something special as a team." England's main concern continues to be the fitness of Andrew Flintoff, who is recovering from a torn side muscle and may not be able to bowl in the Test. Trescothick said England had appreciated having two days off in Cape Town "to chill out and relax" in what is otherwise the most intense tour the players have ever experienced. But he voiced concern about Flintoff. "Side strains can be quite difficult because it's such a big area [for fast bowlers] to generate pace when they're bowling," he said.  "He's had six days off but he's not sure how it's going to react. We'll see how he goes in the nets and hopefully he'll come through unscathed. "Any time you lose one of your bowlers it's difficult but when it's an all-rounder it creates a bit of a gap in the team so hopefully we are not going to get to that situation." The form of pace spearhead Steve Harmison is another concern. Trescothick said: "Steve's been fine throughout. [The ball's] just not been coming out so well. "Everyone goes through dips in form - it just depends how quickly pepole come back from those. But he'll come back from that, we're just waiting for it to happen. "The guys are generally in good spirits, they needed the time off."  Graeme Smith (capt), Nicky Boje, Mark Boucher, Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers, Boeta Dippenaar, Herschelle Gibbs, Andrew Hall, Jacques Kallis, Charl Langeveldt, Makhaya Ntini, Shaun Pollock, Jacques Rudolph, Dale Steyn.  England: Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Robert Key, Michael Vaughan (capt), Graham Thorpe, Andrew Flintoff, Geraint Jones (wkt), Ashley Giles, Simon Jones, Matthew Hoggard, Steve Harmison, Paul Collingwood, Gareth Batty, James Anderson, Chris Read, Ian Bell. 

Mourinho receives Robson warning  Sir Bobby Robson has offered Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho some advice on coping under pressure.  The pair worked together at Barcelona and Porto and Robson had a word of warning for his protege. "It has all gone for him just lately and that is marvellous, but sometimes you have to have a bit of humility and learn how to lose," said Robson. "It is when it goes against you and you get a bit of bad luck that you learn, and he'll get it straight." Robson was speaking after being formally granted the freedom of the city of Newcastle. "Jose is doing very well at the moment," Robson added of the man who worked for him for six years. "He has got one pot - possibly two to follow - a big game against Barcelona to come and I cannot see them losing their lead in the Premiership. "They are in a good position and I would expect them to go on and win it, which is a wonderful achievement.  "What has occurred over the last couple of weeks will stand him in very good stead for the future. If he is intelligent, he will take it on board - and he is very intelligent. "He will have learned more in the last fortnight than the last eight months. Before that, it was all about winning." Robson also admitted he would relish the chance to get back into management and test his skills against Mourinho. "I am not in a hurry to take the wrong job, but I am ready to take the right job and I feel there is another job in me," he added. "I know the area I am capable of working in and of course I would like a job in the Premiership if one was available. "It would not worry me if I had to pit my wits against Jose. "But it is not just a case of him and me against one another. It would be his team against my team - but I would not be afraid of that." 

Sanchez targets NI win in Warsaw  Northern Ireland manager Lawrie Sanchez has targeted the 30 March game in Poland as their most important in the World Cup qualifying campaign.  While fans are savouring the prospect of playing England at Old Trafford four days earlier, Sanchez knows the Polish clash holds the key to second place. "If we do not beat Poland the group will be almost dead. They will be pretty sure of second," said Sanchez. "I would like to beat England but the Poland game is most important." Sanchez's side are currently fourth in Group Six with three points while the Poles are second with nine. So, with four games left, Northern Ireland need to make up ground in Warsaw.  "I do not think qualifying for this World Cup is closed yet but we have to beat Poland to keep it open," said Sanchez. "If we do not make it this time, then there is the European Championship. I want us to get closer and closer to qualifying. "I want to get Northern Ireland back in the finals of a major competition and I also aim to get into the top 100 of the Fifa rankings. We are well capable of that." Before the World Cup qualifiers, Canada visit Belfast for a 9 February friendly and Sanchez will be giving some fringe players the opportunity to catch his eye. "We have one or two injuries and suspensions at the moment," added Sanchez. "Stuart Elliott is injured and Michael Hughes and James Quinn are suspended for the England game so it gives me the chance to have a look at other players who might come into the equation. "It will be nice to get back to Belfast for a home game and it is about time we put an end to our run without a home win." Northern Ireland have not won at home under Sanchez. Indeed, their last Windsor success was back in September 2001 when they beat Iceland in the last World Cup campaign. 

O'Leary agrees new Villa contract  Aston Villa boss David O'Leary signed a three-and-a-half year contract extension on Thursday, securing his future at the club until summer 2008.  O'Leary's future was in question, but Villa chairman Doug Ellis said he was happy to secure the deal. "David's record since his arrival in 2003 is excellent and he shares the board's amibitions in taking this club forward," he told Villa's website. "For this reason it was important we got this right." O'Leary put pen to paper after deals were sorted for his right-hand men Roy Aitken and Steve McGregor. "It was important to me Roy and Steve, an integral part of my team, should stay for the same time," O'Leary said on Thursday ahead of signing his new deal. "Someone has to try and put Aston Villa back where they should belong and I'm up for the challenge."Earlier in December, there were rumours O'Leary would quit if he is not offered a new deal before the end of the season.  But he denied that, saying he was happy to take on the challenge of improving Villa's fortunes in the long term. "I want to make sure by the end of the five years I would have been in charge that Villa are achieving top six finishes in the Premiership on a regular basis," said O'Leary, who took over at Villa Park in May 2003. "But to achieve that, and take the next step forward, we do need to bring in quality players. "I would like a couple next month if at all possible to set us on the way." Meanwhile, O'Leary has rapped skipper Olof Mellberg for his comments before Sunday's derby with Birmingham.  Mellberg spoke of his dislike of Villa's rivals ahead of the match, which Steve Bruce's side won 2-1. "I've had more than a quiet word with Olof. It's been said within the whole group, not as a one-to-one," he told Villa's website. "You shouldn't leave yourself open to be shot down. You shouldn't give people the chance to take cheap shots at you and he set himself up for that." 

Streak set to make return  Former Zimbabwe captain Heath Streak has been recalled to the national squad and is available for Wednesday's final one-day match against South Africa.  Streak, who has ended his disagreement with Zimbabwe Cricket, said: "I'm looking forward to getting back. "Obviously there's an element of concern at not having played at this level for a while, but it's not like I haven't been playing cricket. "I had a good season at Warwickshire and have been playing club cricket." On Sunday, captain Tatenda Taibu said Streak and Andy Blignaut would be considered for the Test series in South Africa starting on 4 March. But now it looks as though - in the case of Streak - a comeback could be even more immediate. And Zimbabwe's team manager Babu Memen said: "It's very likely that he will play on Wednesday, and he will stay on for the Test series." Former captain Streak, 30, was sacked in April 2004 after criticising Zimbabwe Cricket's selection policies. Following Streak's dismissal, 14 white players resigned in protest but Gavin Ewing and Barney Rogers have already returned to the fold and Blignaut and Streak are poised to do likewise.  When Streak announced he had put aside his differences with ZC on Friday, the board's managing director Ozias Bvute announced: "Heath is immediately available for selection." Now, Streak says he will be happy to play under the new regime, with Taibu as captain. He said: "I've always played the best I can whether captain or not. I'll give as much as I can without stepping on Tatenda's toes. I'll be there for him to help and to lend the experience that I've gained." Meanwhile four other rebels - Stuart Carlisle, Trevor Gripper, Neil Ferreira and Charles Coventry - have decided to make themselves available for selection for the A team. A five-match one-day home series for Zimbabwe's second string against Bangladesh A starts on Thursday. Of the remaining rebels, Craig Wishart and Gary Brent have revealed they were not interested in returning, while Ray Price, Sean Ervine, Travis Friend and Grant Flower have opted for county cricket in England. The position of Richard Sims remains unclear. 

Clean sweep impossible - Mourinho  Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says his side have little chance of winning all four major trophies this season.  The Blues are seven points clear in the league after beating Middlesbrough, and into the Carling Cup semi-finals and the Champions League knockout stages. "We want to win something, but I think it is impossible to win all four trophies," Mourinho admitted. "But we have a good squad and we are trying. We have the FA Cup on Saturday and the Carling Cup next week." Despite a long injury list and a demanding schedule, Mourinho insists he will take each competition seriously. Chelsea face Scunthorpe on Saturday and he added: "We have watched them like we watch any other team. "We may change a few players for the game, if we can find any to change, butwe will play to win the FA Cup. We will play to win the Carling Cup. "Winning the Premiership or the Champions League is more important but wewill not turn any trophy down." The Premiership leaders have conceded only eight goals in 22 games and assistant boss Steve Clarke says that has put them on course for the title. "We can be a big threat because we've got great attacking players. But everything we've done has been based on a solid defence," he said. "It's the standard we've set for ourselves. Before the Christmas period we set ourselves a target of 12 points, we've got those 12 points so we're very happy. "We've said right from the start of the season that's our aim - we want to be champions. "There's a long way to go. We're out in front, we're enjoying being out in front and we're just focused on what we've got to do." 

Australia take control  Third Test, Sydney, day three (close): Australia 568; Pakistan 304 & 67-1  They put on 153 for the fifth wicket before Gilchrist fell to spinner Danish Kaneria for 113, a 120-ball innings which included five sixes. Ponting was bowled by Naved-ul-Hasan soon after and Kaneria worked his way through the tail for figures of 7-188. Australia were all out for 568, a lead of 264, with Pakistan 67-1 at stumps. The home side were anxious to make up for lost time after rain prevented any play during the morning session. Ponting resumed on 155, but was content to play second fiddle to Gilchrist, who set about the bowling in his customary forthright manner. He passed 4,000 Test runs as Australia added 169 during the afternoon and reached his 13th century in spectacular style with two sixes off Mohammad Asif to reach 92 and then two successive fours off Shahid Afridi. His captain, meanwhile, registered the highest score by an Australian batsman at the Sydney Cricket Ground when he passed Greg Chappell's 182 and was 196 not out at tea. He had lost Gilchrist by then, one of three stumping victims for Kamran Akmal, but newcomer Shane Watson looked solid in his first Test innings as they added 58. Ponting's 200 arrived off 311 balls with a boundary off Naved, but the bowler gained his revenge when the Australian skipper chopped a ball into his stumps.  He is now one of only 13 batsmen in history to score four or more double centuries in Tests - and only the third Australian after Sir Don Bradman and Chappell. His departure heralded a rush of five wickets in nine overs with Watson caught for 31 off Kaneria, who ended the innings with the wicket of Shane Warne for 16. It was the third time the 24-year-old leg-spinner had taken seven wickets in a Test innings. Facing such a sizeable deficit, Pakistan needed a good start to their second innings and Yasir Hameed and Salman Butt began with a flurry of boundaries. They put on 46 in nine overs, but the introduction of spin led to Butt's undoing as he flashed at a wide ball from Stuart MacGill and was caught at slip by Warne for 21. Hameed progressed to 40 not out off 46 balls, and new partner Younis Khan made five, before an offer of bad light from the umpires brought play to an end.  Matthew Hayden, Justin Langer, Ricky Ponting (capt), Damien Martyn, Michael Clarke, Shane Watson, Adam Gilchrist (wkt), Shane Warne, Jason Gillespie, Glenn McGrath, Stuart MacGill.  Salman Butt, Imran Farhat, Yasir Hameed, Younis Khan, Yousuf Youhana (capt), Asim Kamal, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Mohammad Asif Shoaib Akhtar, Naved-ul-Hasan, Danish Kaneria. Umpires: B Bowden (NZ), D Shepherd (Eng). 

Williams battles to Aussie title  Serena Williams staged a remarkable recovery to beat Lindsay Davenport and win her second Australian Open title.  The 2003 champion claimed her seventh Grand Slam title, and her first since Wimbledon in 2003, 2-6 6-3 6-0. Williams had looked close to quitting with a rib injury when she left the court for treatment after five games. She quickly dropped the first set but from 3-3 in the second found another gear as Davenport's game collapsed, allowing Williams to take the title. Williams later explained her injury problem, saying it was the result of lunging for a ball early in the first set. "Lindsay had me on the run out wide on my backhand and my back went but eventually I was able to come back, thank goodness," she said. Davenport paid tribute to Williams, saying: "She's had a tough couple of years and she's come back like a champion."  The 23-year-old former world number one was in desperate trouble in the early stages as the injury hampered her service action. Davenport took advantage to race through the opening set and held six break points in game five of the second. "I kept thinking to myself 'I'm not losing this game," said Williams afterwards. "'I don't care if my arm falls off, I'm not losing this game'. And I guess that's what happened. "I didn't want to lose that particular game because it would have given her a lot of momentum, and a lot of confidence." Despite letting the break points slip away Davenport looked comfortable enough at 3-3, but from 40-0 up she just folded. Williams won nine consecutive points for the set and powered through the decider as a lacklustre Davenport looked to have run out of energy after a gruelling two weeks. "I felt like I was playing well and in control pretty much of the match," said Davenport. "Then I just had that horrible lapse, I think serving up 40-0, and made a few errors and opened up the door for her and she just kept going through it. "At the end I think I was a little bit fatigued but she took advantage of it and kept going - she's a great frontrunner when she gets going." 

Johnson announces June retirement  Former England captain Martin Johnson has announced he is to retire from rugby union at the end of the season.  Johnson, who captained England to World Cup glory in 2003, will play his final match in June. Johnson won 84 England caps and quit Test rugby at the start of 2004, just two months after leading Sir Clive Woodward's team to victory in Sydney. The 34-year-old Leicester lock's final match will be his testimonial at Twickenham on 4 June. "I'm confident I have made the right decision to retire," said Johnson. "I'm sure there will be times next season when I'll wish I was out there playing for the Tigers, but you know when the time is right to go and I feel this is the right time. "I feel physically that I could play for another season, but playing week in and week out in the Premiership is a full-time occupation and I only want to be out there for the right reasons." Johnson will always be revered by England fans for captaining England to their dramatic World Cup win against Australia in Sydney, but his list of achievements does not stop at that.  He is the only man to captain the Lions twice and he also led England to a Six Nations Grand Slam. Johnson also had huge success as captain of Leicester, guiding the Tigers to back to back Heineken Cup victories and several Premiership titles. Apart from his marvellous captaincy Johnson was also one of the finest second rows to ever play the game. Teak tough and physically intimidating, he ruled the rucks and mauls for the best part of a decade and was integral in England's rise to the top of the world game. His final appearance will be in his testimonial at Twickenham, where he will lead a team against a side captained by New Zealand winger Jonah Lomu. The All Black is aiming to return to action after a kidney transplant and Johnson expects it to be a memorable occasion. "This game against Jonah will be a great way to end the season and end my career," said Johnson. Lomu, rugby union's first global superstar after his exploits in the 1995 World Cup, said he was proud to be part of Johnson's farewell. "We hold him in such high esteem," said Lomu. "He is such a great leader and I am just honoured to be on the same pitch." 

Wilkinson: Injuries toughened me  England skipper Jonny Wilkinson insists his battle with injuries during 2004 has toughened him up mentally.  The fly-half returned to action for Newcastle in their 13-10 Heineken Cup win at Edinburgh at the weekend after seven weeks out with a bicep problem. Wilkinson, who also endured an eight-month lay-off with a shoulder injury, said: "I was physically prepared for my first return but mentally it was hard. "But having had this little time out since then I feel mentally stronger." The 25-year-old, who has not played for England since drop-kicking his country to World Cup glory in November 2003, also admits he may have rushed his initial comeback in September.  Wilkinson says he does not plan to push himself too far too fast this time around. "No-one can prepare you for what it's like to come back after basically an entire season out injured," Wilkinson added. "The first time round, I'd done all the training and was more motivated than I've ever been.  "But sometimes that was met with disappointment after a few of the games, wondering why things were not working out when I thought I'd done all the right things in preparation. "I think that's what I've changed this time, trying to be a bit more realistic about coming back. "I'm not in any way less ambitious - but I just understand that I should get on with it and enjoy it." Wilkinson also praised Dave Walder, who has been filling in for him for the Falcons. And he said the experience of starting a game on the bench - as happened against Edinburgh - has made him more appreciative of the role of replacement players. "I hated the experience of being on the bench," Wilkinson said. "But what it's done is given me enormous respect and admiration for players who can do that on a regular basis, and Dave Walder has been playing well in the team - so I have to accept it.  "To be an effective replacement is a skill in itself, and some of our players are fantastic at it. "When you start the game you're fully involved, and you react to each second as it goes by - whereas as a replacement you have to watch the game tick by and then almost instantly switch on and join in when everyone else has had time to bed themselves into the match. "It's so difficult, especially in a decision-making role - which is something our scrum halves, Hall Charlton and James Grindal, do on a regular basis to good effect." 

Cantona issues Man Utd job hint  Former Manchester United star Eric Cantona would consider returning to the club as manager one day.  But the Frenchman, who made 191 United appearances, would not come back if he felt he could not be creative. "I will not return in the near future," he told MUTV. "If I come back I will need to be involved in football for two or three years because things change. "I do not want to be a manager like everybody else, playing the same system. I want to create something." Cantona says that he would like to follow in the footsteps of Johan Cruyff, who was an innovative coach when he led Barcelona to European Cup glory in 1992.  "I remember the 1970s with Ajax and after that Cruyff as a manager at Barcelona," Cantona added. "It was a new system. "It is like in music - when you are a rock star and create something new." The 38-year-old also stated that he is against American tycoon Malcolm Glazer's attempt to take over the club.  "I am against this kind of thing because I am like a child - I am a dreamer. I don't want these kind of people to come here," he said. "If it is not Manchester United, if it is not a club where he can earn so much money, do you think he would love to come?" Meanwhile, Cantona is at the centre of a storm after using an obscenity on MUTV on Sunday. Cantona was appearing on a show where supporters quiz guests and it was broadcast at 5.30pm. United apologised but have insisted that they have yet to receive a single complaint about Cantona's comments. 

Thanou bullish over drugs hearing  Katerina Thanou is confident she and fellow sprinter Kostas Kenteris will not be punished for missing drugs tests before the Athens Olympics.  The Greek pair appeared at a hearing on Saturday which will determine whether their provisional bans from athletics' ruling body the IAAF should stand. "After five months we finally had the chance to give explanations. I am confident and optimistic," said Thanou. "We presented new evidence to the committee that they were not aware of."  The athletes' lawyer Grigoris Ioanidis said he believed the independent disciplinary committee set up by the Greek Athletics Federation (SEGAS) would find them innocent. "We are almost certain that the charges will be dropped," said Ioanidis.  "We believe that we have presented [a case] that the charges are unreasonable." Thanou, the 2000 Olympic women's 100m silver medallist, and Sydney 200m champion Kenteris were suspended by the IAAF for missing three drugs tests. The third was supposed to take place on the eve of the Athens Games last August, but the pair could not be found in the athletes' village. They were later taken to hospital after claiming to have been involved in a motorcycle accident. Thanou's coach Christos Tzekos was also suspended by the IAAF. "We were asked [by the disciplinary committee] all kinds of questions about the night of 12 August," said Tzekos. "We did not leave any gaps. As far as I am concerned there is no such issue [of refusing to be tested], and I am very optimistic." Tzekos, Thanou and Kenteris, who have all denied the charges, can expect a decision within a month. "Deliberations will start after some additional documents are brought in by Thursday," said committee chairman Kostas Panagopoulos. "I estimate that the final ruling will be issued by the end of February." 

Reyes tricked into Real admission  Jose Antonio Reyes has added to speculation linking him with a move from Arsenal to Real Madrid after falling victim to a radio prank.  The Spaniard believed he was talking to Real Madrid sporting director Emilio Butragueno when he allegedly berated his team-mates as "bad people". "I wish I was playing for Real Madrid," the 21-year-old told Cadena Cope. "Hopefully it could happen. I love the way Madrid play. I'm not happy with the way things are." The striker joined the Gunners from Seville for £17m at the start of 2004, but it has frequently been reported that he is homesick. He began the season in superb form but has struggled to maintain his high standards as Arsenal have gradually lost the Premiership initiative to Manchester United and Chelsea. "If I'm not (playing for Real) I'm going to have to carry on playing with some bad people," he added.  "I'm sure there are none in the Real dressing room. "I'm happy Madrid is interested in me because it has always been my dream since I was little to play there." Before the story surfaced, Reyes had moved to play down reports linking him with the Spanish giants, issuing a statement through Arsenal describing the speculation as "flattering". "I have seen the stories in the media linking me with Real Madrid," he had said on Thursday lunchtime. "But not only am I under contract at Arsenal, I am happy here and committed to helping the team win more trophies." Butragueno, meanwhile, was angry at being impersonated by the radio disc jockey. "It is a disgrace, there is no foundation to this," he said. "He is an Arsenal player and we have to be respectful. We have to be careful because of the rumours that appear in the news." 

Italy aim to rattle England  Italy coach John Kirwan believes his side can upset England as the Six Nations wooden spoon battle hots up.  The two sides, both without a win, meet on 12 March at Twickenham and Kirwan says his side will be hoping to make the most of England's current slump. "We have to make sure the England and France games are tough for them. "England have not been having the best of championships. That is a big one for us and them and I am sure my players will rise to the occasion," he said. But Kirwan admits that a lot of hard work will be needed with his kickers before the trip to London. Roland de Marigny and Luciano Orquera had a miserable time with the boot in the dire defeat to Scotland as Chris Paterson stole the show to give the hosts a much-needed 18-10 victory. Kirwan said: "The kicking was the decisive factor in Scotland which cost us and it could go down to the kicking again next time. "But I have a lot of confidence in my players and I am positive we can put everything together against England." England, meanwhile, are licking their wounds and rueing what might have been had two decisions from referee Jonathan Kaplan not gone against them in the second half in Dublin. First Mark Cueto was judged offside as he chased fly-half Charlie Hodgson's kick, and then Kaplan opted not to call upon video evidence to see if Josh Lewsey had touched down after being driven over Ireland's line.  But centre Jamie Noon believes the side at least showed better form than their previous two defeats. "We definitely improved against an in-form Irish side," he said. "We went to Dublin quietly confident that we would be able to compete, and I think we showed that. "We have got to make sure we now take the form and positives into the Italy game. We are under no illusions that it is going to be easy, but we definitely need a win." England have now equalled an 18-year low of four successive championship defeats, including France in Paris last season, and have lost four in a row under Andy Robinson. His predecessor, Sir Clive Woodward, began his seven-year reign with three defeats and two draws. 

England require extra 'intensity'  Batsman Graham Thorpe has acknowledged that England need to raise their game ahead of the first Test against South Africa, which starts on Friday.  The team have arrived in Port Elizabeth after being given a wake-up call in a seven-wicket loss to South Africa A. "We lacked intensity and we need to rise to the level South Africa will be at," Thorpe commented. "We're a fraction short of where we need to be and some of us will need to scrap really hard in the first Test." Former England seam bowler Angus Fraser has criticised an itinerary which gave the team just a single first-class match ahead of the Test series, even though most of the team had not played since September. "In an ideal world, the batsmen would have liked to have spent more time at the crease, but it's important that we don't get down on ourselves. "We're going to have dig deep into the memory banks and remember the times we've done well against them," said Thorpe, who faced just 13 balls in Potchefstroom in making 0 and 11.  "The good thing about not spending too long at the crease is that I don't know whether I'm in bad form or not." The Surrey left-hander, England's most experienced player with 93 Tests, says the team must keep their nerve. "The key is not to panic too much and find the right balance between enjoyment and wanting to win. "You need to put your state of mind into a position where you're going to enjoy the match, but you're going to be competitive." "You have to be able to enjoy the challenge because it's not always a bed of roses out there. "You're not always creaming it around so part of it is enjoying the challenge of maybe feeling a little bit more under pressure and wanting to perform."  South Africa, meanwhile, have seen their preparations disrupted by a clutch of illnesses and injury problems.  Skipper Graeme Smith, batsman Boeta Dippenaar and all-rounders Andrew Hall and Zander de Bruyn have been suffering from stomach problems since the recent tour to India and wicket-keeper Thami Tsolekile has been trying to shake off a throat infection. More worrying, however, is the fitness of spin bowler Nicky Boje who recently underwent surgery to remove a tumour from his neck. They are likely to give him as long as possible to recover before finalising their Test XI. "We're still working with him, it's a day-by-day process," said team physio Shane Jabaar. 

Farrell saga to drag on - Lindsay  Wigan chairman Maurice Lindsay says he does not expect a quick solution to the on-going saga of captain Andy Farrell's possible switch to rugby union.  Leicester and Saracens are leading the chase for the player, but Lindsay told the BBC it was not yet a done deal. "As well as the Rugby Football Union, the league, the individual club and the England coaching team have a say, so it's not a quick decision," he said. "He's given us 12 years service so if he wants to go, we'd support him." The prospect of Farrell switching codes has been the main talking point of the Super League season so far. "It came as a bolt out of the blue to us," admitted Lindsay. "But he's a very loyal friend to the club, so there's no question that he's deserting us. He just fancies a challenge."  Although the move would be a lucrative one for both Farrell and Wigan, Lindsay said money was not a motivating factor for the club. "The money side of things hasn't been concluded, but it's not the point for Wigan," he told Radio Five Live. "A shortage of money has never been a problem for us. "Even if we did have it, under the salary cap we can't spend a penny of it anyway - we'd rather have the player."  Lindsay also said he understood why rugby union was so interested in signing up Farrell. "It'd be a great loss for us but a great boost for them," said the Warriors chief. "This guy is an absolute sporting icon. He's been at the top for so long and has demonstrated so many attributes that you need to make it in a tough contact sport. "Athletes like him - Ellery Hanley and Martin Johnson - don't come along very often. You're very lucky to have them whilst you've got them." 

Stars shine for tsunami benefit  Ronaldinho's World XI beat Andriy Shevchenko's European XI 6-3 in the Nou Camp as the world's top players raised money for the tsunami relief fund.  Samuel Eto'o and Ronaldinho put the World XI two-up, Alessandro del Piero pulled one back before Eto'o cheekily rounded Iker Casillas for the third. Gianfranco Zola rolled back the years to lob home and David Suazo levelled before Henri Camara scored twice. Cha Du-Ri made it 6-3 in front of a hugely entertained 40,000 crowd. Several changes were made at the break and throughout the second half as coaches Marcello Lippi, Arsene Wenger, Frank Rijkaard and Carlos Alberto Perreira tried to protect the players from injury. The players stood for a minute's silence for the victims of the Asian tsunami before the game, which was refereed by Pierluigi Collina.  Perhaps the only sour note of the night was that some of the crowd chose to boo instead of show their respect, but the players made sure they did not put a dampener on proceedings. David Beckham and Steven Gerrard started for the European side, but it was the World XI's Barcelona players who stamped their early mark as Deco slipped in Eto'o to score. Ronaldinho was delighting his home crowd with some sublime tricks and flicks and he made it 2-0 by slotting home from eight yards. The European XI were more subdued despite the presence of Zinedine Zidane and Raul, though Del Piero did halve the deficit with a lovely finish.  Eto'o had been named African Footballer of the Year hours before and he celebrated by bagging a brace, his second seeing him feint past Casillas and walk the ball into an empty net. As expected plenty of changes were made at the break and those changes continued throughout the second half, as the goals continued to fly in. Svevchenko's side wasted no time getting back on terms, first Zola showing his true class to lob home before Honduran Suazo side-footed home for 3-3. But Southampton striker Henri Camara had other ideas and he scored twice within five minutes, both neat finishes past Francesco Toldo in the European goal. Cha Du-Ri finished off the scoring, leaving Toldo no chance with a fierce finish from just inside the box. All proceeds from the match will be donated to the Fifa/Asian Football Confederation Tsunami Solidarity Fund.  Dida, Cafu, Cordoba, Marquez, Radebe, Song, Nakata, Deco, Kaka, Ronaldinho, Eto'o.  Casillas, Montero, Kaladze, Thuram, Gerrard, Diesler, Beckham, Zidane, Del Piero, Raul, Shevchenko.  Pierluigi Collina (Italy). 

Richardson ends just short  New Zealand batsman Mark Richardson bowed out of from all forms of cricket at the age of 33 just short of 10,000 first-class runs.  Richardson needed 41 runs for Auckland against Canterbury to reach the milestone, but finished on 9,994. He made 35 in his side's first innings but did not bat again when Auckland won by an innings and 60 runs. Opener Richardson only made his debut in 2000 but played in 38 Tests, scoring 2776 runs at an average of 44.77. But after impressing against England, making a century at Lord's, he has struggled of late, with just 48 runs in two Test defeats in Australia. He announced his retirement last week, saying: "I feel I left something out on the park at Lord's and have lost the drive to play the Richardson way. "I'm hanging my boots up for good. Since last year's South African series I've started to struggle with the game emotionally and mentally." Richardson began his career as a spin bowler but gained a reputation as a patient accumulator of runs, scoring four Test centuries.  His highest score of 145 came against India in Chandigarh in October 2003. New Zealand's recent tour of Bangladesh saw Richardson complete the set of visits to all 10 Test-playing nations. However, his batting approach and fielding ability did not suit the one-day game and he played in just four internationals. Nicknamed 'Rigor Mortis' because of his slowness in the field, Richardson established a tradition of racing the slowest member of the opposition teams in recent seasons. "Have you seen the color of my hair and the big bald spot on the top of my head?" he quipped. "I'm 33 but I've got the agility of about a 55-year-old." The Auckland native, who has written a regular column for BBC Sport for the last three years, intends to pursue a career in the media. New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming says Michael Papps is favourite to take Richardson's place in the forthcoming series against Sri Lanka and Australia. 

Plymouth 3-0 Sheff Utd  Plymouth claimed their first win of the year with goals from Graham Coughlan, Paul Wotton and Dexter Blackstock.  However, Sheffield United's cause was not helped when they were forced to replace injured keeper Paddy Kenny with midfielder Phil Jagielka on 28 minutes. By that stage the visitors were already one down, Coughlan converting Tony Capaldi's cross with a fierce volley. Wotton beat Jagielka from 25 yards out after the break before Blackstock headed home Peter Gilbert's cross.  - Plymouth manager Bobby Williamson said: "We had our luck tonight because their keeper got injured which was unfortunate for them. "But we'd also got an early goal while he was on and that lifted everybody. "I'm delighted that we bounced back from Saturday and our heavy defeat at West Ham and that our sequence without a win is now over."   - Sheffield United boss Neil Warnock said: "We expected a tough match and it wasn't pretty. "Plymouth are fighting for their lives, and we knew they would come at us from the off and then to lose your goalkeeper is a blow to any team. "We hung on till half-time but Plymouth scored early in the second half." Plymouth: McCormick, Connolly, Coughlan, Aljofree, Gilbert, Norris, Wotton, Buzsaky, Capaldi, Chadwick, Evans (Blackstock 82). Subs Not Used: Lasley, Gudjonsson, Adams, Taylor. Booked: Wotton. Goals: Coughlan 3, Wotton 47, Blackstock 88. Sheff Utd: Kenny (Thirlwell 28), Geary, Bromby, Jagielka, Harley, Liddell, Tonge (Quinn 59), Montgomery, Cullip, Shaw (Forte 59), Gray. Subs Not Used: Francis, Johnson. Booked: Tonge, Quinn. Att: 13,953. Ref: S Tanner (S Gloucestershire). 

Robinson out of Six Nations  England captain Jason Robinson will miss the rest of the Six Nations because of injury.  Robinson, stand-in captain in the absence of Jonny Wilkinson, had been due to lead England in their final two games against Italy and Scotland. But the Sale full-back pulled out of the squad on Wednesday because of a torn ligament in his right thumb. The 30-year-old will undergo an operation on Friday but England have yet to name a replacement skipper.  Robinson said: "This is very disappointing for me as this means I miss England's last two games in the Six Nations at Twickenham and two games for my club, Sale Sharks. "But I'm looking to be back playing very early in April."  Robinson picked up the injury in the 19-13 defeat to Ireland at Lansdowne Road on Saturday. And coach Andy Robinson said: "I am hugely disappointed for Jason. "As England captain he has been an immense figure during the autumn internationals and the Six Nations, leading by example at all times. I look forward to having him back in the England squad." The announcement is the latest setback for Robinson's injury-depleted squad.  Among the key figures already missing are Jonny Wilkinson, Mike Tindall, Will Greenwood, Julian White and Phil Vickery - a list which leaves Robinson short on candidates for the now vacant captaincy role. Former England skipper Jeremy Guscott told BBC Radio Five Live his choice would be Matt Dawson, even though he is does not hold a regular starting place.  "The obvious choice is Dawson" said Guscott. "Especially given that Harry Ellis did not have his best game at scrum-half on Saturday. "Dawson has the credentials and the experience, even though his winning record at captain is not great. "The other option in Martin Corry, who is the standout forward at the moment. "Unfortunately England cannot rely on leaders on the field at the moment." England will announce their squad for the 12 March game against Italy on Saturday. 

Moya suffers shock loss  Fifth seed Carlos Moya was the first big name to fall at the Australian Open as he went down to fellow Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez on Monday.  Moya began the year with victory at the Chennai Open but looked out of sorts from the start in the Melbourne heat. Garcia-Lopez, ranked 106 in the world, dominated from the outset and withstood a third-set rally from Moya to hang on for a 7-5 6-3 3-6 6-3 victory. The 21-year-old plays Kevin Kim or Lee Hyuung-Taik in the second round. Garcia-Lopez was delighted with the victory in only his third ever Grand Slam match. "I think this was the most important win of my life as Carlos is one of the best players in the world," he said. "This has given me a lot of confidence. Now I feel I can beat all these players." Moya said: "I was playing well before I came here. It was the perfect preparation but something was wrong today."  Four-time champion Andre Agassi began what could be his last Australian Open with a convincing win over German qualifier Dieter Kindlmann. The 34-year-old American, who had been struggling with a hip injury earlier in the week, stormed to a 6-4 6-3 6-0 win. Agassi will play France's Olivier Patience or Germany's Rainer Schuettler - the man he beat in the 2003 final - in the next round. "No one was more concerned (about the injury) than myself," said eighth seed Agassi. "I'd worked hard to be down here and ready. But the last few days, I've pushed through the injury and it seemed to do pretty good." In other matches, world junior champion Gael Monfils made use of his wild card with a magnificent 1-6 6-3 6-4 7-6 (8-6) win over American Robby Ginepri. The 2002 champion Thomas Johansson fought back to beat Peter Luczak 7-6 (7-5) 4-6 6-3 4-6 6-0, and French Open champion Gaston Gaudio beat Justin Gimelstob 7-6 (7-3) 6-4 6-3. Seeds Dominik Hrbaty, Ivan Ljubicic and Mario Ancic made comfortable progress, but former French Open champion Albert Costa lost to Bjorn Phau. 

Beckham hints at Man Utd return  England captain David Beckham said he would return to Manchester United if he ever leaves Real Madrid.  Beckham left United in July 2003 after falling out with Sir Alex Ferguson and has been linked with a return to London if he decided to move back to England. "If I ever leave I would go back to United and work with Sir Alex again, definitely," he told the Daily Mirror. "Manchester United were the club that I grew up with and felt that I would always be there my whole career." However, Beckham insisted he was happy at Real, and said he still had plenty to prove in Spain.  "I have been here for a year and a half and I have not played my best football in the past few months," he said. "But I am happy. I am playing with some of the best players in the world and I want to win the top prizes like the Spanish league and the Champions League." Meanwhile, Beckham said he would fight for his international place amid pressure from Manchester City's rising star Shaun Wright-Phillips. "He deserves his chance because of the way he has been playing and I am genuinely pleased to see him doing so well," he said.  "People ask me if I'm worried about him. I'm not worried because I am proud of the England team and I want the best for it. "I'm the captain. It's in my interests to have the best players in the team as well. "I am not a jealous person and I am pleased for young kids coming through. We are talking about team-mates of mine. "Shaun is a threat to me because he plays in the same position, but we can also play in other positions. "I believe I will still be in the England team in 2006. I believe I will be England captain for that World Cup." 

Angry Williams rejects criticism  Serena Williams has angrily rejected claims that she and sister Venus are a declining force in tennis.  The sisters ended last year without a Grand Slam title for the first time since 1998. But Serena denied their challenge was fading, saying: "That's not fair - I'm tired of not saying anything. "We've been practising hard. We've had serious injuries. I've had surgery and after, I got to the Wimbledon final. I don't know many who have done that." While Serena is through to the Australian Open semi-finals, Venus went out in the fourth round, meaning she has not gone further than the last eight in her last five Grand Slam appearances. But Serena added: "Venus had a severe strain in her stomach. I actually had the same injury, but I didn't tear it the way she did.  "If I would have torn it, I wouldn't have been here. "She played a player (Alicia Molik) that just played out of her mind and Venus made some errors that she probably shouldn't have made." Serena also said people tended to forget the impact the 2003 murder of sister Yetunde Price had had on the family. "To top it off, we have a very, very, very, very, very close family" Serena continued. "To be in some situation that we've been placed in in the past little over a year, it's not easy to come out and just perform at your best when you realize there are so many things that are so important. "So, no, we're not declining. We're here. I don't have to win this tournament to prove anything. I know that I'm out here and I know that I'm one of the best players out here." 

O'Driscoll/Gregan lead Aid stars  Ireland's Brian O'Driscoll will lead the Northern Hemisphere team in the IRB Rugby Aid match at Twickenham.  O'Driscoll heads a star-studded cast for the contest to raise funds for the tsunami appeal. The South will be led by George Gregan, one of four Wallabies, alongside five Springboks and four All Blacks including captain Tana Umaga. South African flanker Schalk Burger has shaken off a leg injury to take his place in the starting line-up. He will join fellow Springboks John Smit, Cobus Visagie and Victor Matfield in the South pack, with Jacque Fourie among the centres. The North side have been hit by the withdrawals of Scotland duo Gordon Bulloch and Chris Cusiter, plus France captain Fabien Pelous.  But Leicester's England centre Ollie Smith has been added to the squad, giving him an opportunity to impress Lions coach Sir Clive Woodward, who takes charge of the North side. "I think it's fantastic for Ollie," Tigers coach John Wells told BBC Radio Leicester. "He was probably going to have the weekend off this week and I hope Clive gets the chance to see the qualities that Leicester and England have been seeing all year." Woodward will also assess other potential Lions candidates such as Scotland pair Simon Taylor and Chris Paterson, Wales scrum-half Dwayne Peel and Ireland lock Paul O'Connell. "I'm looking forward to working with such outstanding players," Woodward said. "Both teams are fielding top-quality sides and I really hope that the rugby public and community get behind this game to raise as much money as possible for such a deserving cause." Despite the withdrawal of Wales wing Rhys Williams, who is required for the Blues' Celtic League match with Munster, three other members of their Six Nations squad - Ceri Sweeney, John Yapp and Jonathan Thomas - will also play. "Not only it is for a good cause but it gives these players the opportunity to play with and against some of the best players in the world," said WRU general manager Steve Lewis. Supporters can watch the teams train for free at Twickenham on Friday, 4 March. Woodward will put his North team through their paces at 1030 GMT, with the South side, coached by former Wallabies coach Rod Macqueen, due at the stadium at 1330.  C Paterson (Scotland), B Cohen (England), B O'Driscoll (Ireland, capt), D Traille (France), O Smith (England), C Sweeney (Wales), D Humphreys (Ireland), D Peel (Wales); A Lo Cicero (Italy), P de Villiers (France), J Yapp (Wales), R Ibanez (France), P O'Connell (Ireland), M Bortolami (Italy), J Thomas (Wales), S Taylor (Scotland), L Dallaglio (England), S Parisse (Italy), Others to be added.  C Latham (Australia); B Lima (Samoa), J Fourie (SA) T Umaga (New Zealand), S Bobo (Fiji); A Mehrtens (NZ) G Gregan (Aus, capt); C Hoeft (NZ), J Smit (SA), C Visagie (SA), S Maling (NZ), V Matfield (SA), S Burger (SA), P Waugh (Aus), T Kefu (Aus).  E Taukafa (Tonga), E Guinazu (Argentina), S Sititi (Samoa), O Palepoi (Samoa), M Rauluni (Fiji), T Delport (SA), A N Other. 

O'Driscoll concern at Fifa ruling  Bournemouth boss Sean O'Driscoll is concerned at the impact that the transfer window system could make, if it is applied to Football League clubs next season.  The League was recently informed by Fifa that its 72 clubs would no longer receive any further dispensation to trade players outside the world governing body's transfer windows after the end of the current campaign. The matter will now be discussed at the next meeting of all clubs on 10 March - when a League working party set up to consider the implications of Fifa's decision is set to report back. The clubs will then decide on the next step to take, League communications executive Ian Christon confirmed. If it is applied to the Football League, O'Driscoll feels the Fifa-imposed system could harm the chances for young players at Premiership clubs to gain experience in the lower leagues.  When injuries have struck, O'Driscoll has used the short-term loan market to bolster his small squad - a move which is not possible under the "window" ruling which currently just applies to the Premiership, and prevents the transfer of players during the season - except during the month of January. "I don't think it benefits anyone in the football industry in England," the Cherries boss told BBC Sport. "We took John Spicer from Arsenal this season, while [last Saturday's opponents] Oldham have taken a few, including Neil Kilkenny from Birmingham. "Kilkenny looks a really good player but was never going to play in the Premiership, so where will these players go? If you don't have the finance to buy them, they get stuck in the reserves. "I watch an awful lot of reserve team games, and you can tell the players who have been there too long, as it doesn't motivate them and they go through the motions. "It becomes extremely difficult to try and pick them, as you think 'if I get him out of there, could he cope in the Football League?' - so it doesn't benefit the big clubs, and doesn't benefit the small clubs.  "We've got to come in line with the rest of Europe, but it'll cause us major problems as we live on a knife-edge." However, O'Driscoll accepts that with the loan market blocked, clubs such as Bournemouth will have to look to their own youth ranks when injuries begin to bite. "The better youth systems will play an important part, and you'll have even younger boys being part of the first-team squad," he explained. "We've got two 17-year-olds in our squad who've come through the youth system [James Coutts and James Rowe] and I'm sure we'll have four or five next year - just so they can train with the first team. "Next year, if needed, you're going to have to throw them in - even if you have the finance to bring in a loan player, you won't be allowed. "I think there will be a mad scramble, come the end of the transfer window, to strengthen squads." 

Aussies tighten grip  First Test, Perth, day three: Australia 381 & 361-5 dec; Pakistan 179 & 18-1 (close)  The home side declared their second innings on 361-5, a lead of 563, and Pakistan were 18-1 at the close. Martyn made no mistake after Ricky Ponting was stumped for 98 and Justin Langer bowled by Abdul Razzaq for 97. Left to survive six overs before the close, Pakistan lost Imran Farhat, who was lbw to Glenn McGrath for one. Pakistan's cause was not helped by the absence of skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq and paceman Shoaib Akhtar for most of the afternoon. Inzamam stayed in the dressing room suffering from a stomach upset, while Shoaib hurt his left shoulder while trying to make a diving save in the field.  He had taken the only wicket to fall during the morning, bowling Matthew Hayden for 10 with an inswinger as Australia advanced their score from 15-0 to 110-1. Langer's fifty arrived off 84 balls and he struck 14 fours as he and Ponting shared a second wicket stand of 163. It looked odds on that he would become the first man ever to make a hundred in each innings of a Test at the Waca when Razzaq found a way through as he attempted to drive.  But Langer, who made 191 in the first innings, is now the highest run scorer in Tests in 2004 with 1,426, including five centuries. Ponting was on 92 at the tea interval and well set to reach three figures for the first time this year. He was denied, however, when he missed an attempted sweep of Danish Kaneria and keeper Kamran Akmal whipped off the bails - a dismissal confirmed by the TV umpire. Darren Lehmann was bowled by Kaneria for five, but Michael Clarke joined Martyn in a stand of 79 for the fifth wicket before he was caught by the revived Inzamam off Mohammad Sami for 27. Martyn reached three figures in the next over, a 121-ball knock featuring 11 boundaries, and Ponting immediately made the declaration. The Pakistan openers walked to the middle under intense pressure and it proved too much for Farhat, who shouldered arms to an inswinging delivery from McGrath. But partner Salman Butt survived to reach stumps on eight not out and Younis Khan drove the day's penultimate delivery from Jason Gillespie through extra cover for four to finish on seven.  Ricky Ponting (c), Justin Langer, Matthew Hayden, Damien Martyn, Darren Lehmann, Michael Clarke, Adam Gilchrist, Shane Warne, Jason Gillespie, Michael Kasprowicz, Glenn McGrath. 12th man: Brett Lee.  Inzamam-ul-Haq, Imran Farhat, Salman Butt, Younis Khan, Yousuf Youhanna, Abdul Razzaq, Kamran Akmal, Shoaib Akhtar, Danish Kaneria, Mohammad Sami, Mohammad Khalil. 12th man: Yasir Hameed. 

Sri Lanka reschedule NZ Test tour  Sri Lanka have rescheduled their Test series in New Zealand for April after cutting short the original tour because of the Asian tsunami disaster.  The team will play a warm-up game before embarking on two Tests against the Kiwis, starting on 4 and 11 April. Members of the Sri Lankan squad will be in New Zealand later this month to play for a World XI in three one-day games. They will take place on 22, 24 and 26 January and money raised will go to help the tsunami relief appeal. Australian Shane Warne will captain the World side, with South African Jonty Rhodes acting as player-coach. And the matches raise the prospect of Warne bowling in tandem with Sri Lankan spinner Muttiah Muralitharan for the first time. Former England batsmen Nick Knight and Graeme Hick will be also part of the squad. "We hope to break even from the series or to run at a manageable loss," said New Zealand Cricket chief Martin Snedden. "It will be expensive but the benefits for the home cricket season and the Black Caps, as well as those who benefit from our fund-raising activities, will make the series more than worthwhile."  The series will also be backed by the Federation of International Cricketers' Associations, under whose name the World XI will play. "We believe we have a responsibility to do whatever we can to support other members of the cricketing community. "In forming the inaugural FICA World XI, we are able to support ICC member countries and the larger community at what is a very difficult time. "The series will give us an opportunity to raise valuable funds through related charitable activities and ensure New Zealand has international cricket at the height of its summer," said FICA chief executive Tim May. The venues for Sri Lanka's Tests in New Zealand have yet to be decided. And there is concern that weather could be a factor in the series. But Snedden said:"The climatic conditions in early April are normally similar to those in March and we are confident Test cricket can be played at this time of year. "A decision about the venues for the re-scheduled Tests should be made within the next two weeks. "We are also working with the Sri Lankan Cricket Board to reschedule the unplayed one-day international matches and hope to play a four-match ODI series during next season's Christmas/New Year period."  S Warne (capt), M Bevan, A Bichel, M Elliott, A Flower, I Harvey, G Hick, S Jayasuriya, L Klusener, N Knight, M Muralitharan, J Rhodes, K Sangakkara, H Streak, C Vaas. 

Ireland 21-19 Argentina  An injury-time dropped goal by Ronan O'Gara stole victory for Ireland from underneath the noses of Argentina at Lansdowne Road on Saturday.  O'Gara kicked all of Ireland's points, with two dropped goals and five penalties, to give the home side a 100% record in their autumn internationals. An impressive Argentina appeared in control until the dying seconds. The Pumas shocked the Irish early on with a try from Federico Aramburu, and Felipe Contepomi kicked 14 points. The well-drilled and sharper Pumas out-played and out-thought Ireland in the early stages. Indiscipline allowed Argentina's Leinster fly-half Contepomi to open the scoring in the third minute with a straightforward penalty. He was on the mark again two minutes later when Argentina shocked a ragged Ireland with the first try of the game. Ireland turned the ball over and Manuel Contepomi broke through an unstructured defence before feeding his midfield partner Aramburu to sprint in under the posts. O'Gara finally got Ireland on the board with a dropped goal in the ninth minute only for Contepomi to rifle over his second penalty two minutes later. Playing into a strong wind and rain, Ireland continued to come second best in tight situations, and turnovers began to mount up against a rugged defence. O'Gara managed to land his second penalty in the 36th minute, but once again Contepomi replied in kind four minutes into first-half injury time. The second-half started as the first had ended. O'Gara rifled over another penalty in the 45th minute, but Contepomi matched it three minutes later. The upper-body strength of the Pumas never allowed Ireland to take control up front, while the three-quarters had no space to manoeuvre. Ireland had to rely on O'Gara's boot to keep in touch rather than any contrived running plays. The Munsterman landed two more penalties - one of them from 48 metres - to bring his team to within four points with 13 minutes on the clock remaining. And Ireland's chance came when Argentina's number eight Gonzalo Longo was yellow carded with six minutes to go for an offence in the line-out. O'Gara made no mistake as he rifled over his fifth penalty to set up a tense final few minutes. But Ireland showed great composure to get themselves into a position to allow O'Gara to thump over a massive drop goal to complete a tremendous, if fortuitous, comeback.  

Scotland v Italy (Sat)  Murrayfield, Edinburgh  Saturday, 26 February  1400 GMT  BBC1, Five Live and this website  Victory for the Azzurri in Rome last year saw Scotland end their campaign without a victory. And the pressure is on Scotland coach Matt Williams as he seeks a first Six Nations victory at the eighth attempt. Italy have lost both their opening games at home to Ireland and Wales, but travel to Edinburgh with high hopes.  Their coach John Kirwan has warned his side they must eradicate the errors that blighted their loss to Wales however or risk suffering a third successive defeat. "If the defeat against Wales has taught us anything, it's that at this level we can't make any mistakes," Kirwan said. "In the Six Nations, every error you make will come at a high price. "We have to be aggressive for 80 minutes, keep calm in every situation and display great maturity on the pitch.  "It will be fundamental to keep cool in the difficult moments - in the key situations of the game." Kirwan has recalled the experienced Cristian Stoica at centre and drafted in David dal Maso at open-side after star flanker Mauro Bergamasco was ruled out for the rest of the tournament. Scotland have also made two changes, Simon Webster replacing Simon Danielli on the wing and Simon Taylor returning for his first Test in a year, for injured flanker Jason White. Taylor's recovery from a serious knee injury is a major boost to Scottish hopes. "He is one of the world-class players in the tournament and you want them in your team," acknowledged Williams.  Despite a record of only two victories from 14 Tests, Williams insists he is revelling in the pressure. "I actually really enjoy seeing how you cope with such pressure as a coach," he said, optimistic despite opening defeats to France and Ireland. "We were confident for those two first games and we are confident we can beat Italy too," he added.  : C Paterson; S Webster, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; S Taylor, J Petrie, A Hogg.  R Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood.  R de Marigny; Mirco Bergamasco, C Stoica, A Masi, L Nitoglia; L Orquera, A Troncon; A Lo Cicero, F Ongaro, M Castrogiovanni; S Dellape, M Bortolami (capt); A Persico, D Dal Maso, S Parisse.  G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, S Orlando, P Griffen, R Pedrazzi, KP Robertson. 

Bryan twins keep US hopes alive  The United States kept the Davis Cup final alive with victory in Saturday's doubles rubber, leaving Spain 2-1 ahead going into the final day.  Masters Cup champions Mike and Bob Bryan thrashed Juan Carlos Ferrero and Tommy Robredo 6-0 6-3 6-2 in front of a partisan crowd in Seville. Victory would have given Spain the title but they were outclassed. In Sunday's reverse singles, Carlos Moya takes on Andy Roddick before Rafael Nadal faces Mardy Fish. "It feels good, but it's not going to be as good if we don't win two tomorrow," said Mike Bryan. "It feels good to give those guys another shot, and Spain has to go to sleep on that." Bob Bryan added: "I'm really confident in Andy winning that first match, and then anything can happen." Spain coach Jordi Arrese chose to rest 18-year-old Nadal in the doubles after his epic singles win over Roddick on Friday. He was replaced by former world number one Ferrero, but the Spanish pair were out of their depth against one of the world's best doubles teams.  The 26-year-old Bryan twins have won all four of their Davis Cup matches this year. And they quickly silenced the huge crowd at the Olympic Stadium, racing through the opening set to love. The Spaniards then twice surrendered breaks of serve at the start of the second before the Bryans broke to go 5-3 ahead and served out. When Robredo dropped serve in the opening game of the third set the match was all but over, and the unflappable Bryan brothers powered on to an impressive win. Ferrero, who was upset to be dropped for Friday's singles, hinted at further dissatisfaction after the defeat. "It was a difficult game against the best doubles players," he said. "They have everything calculated and we had very little to do. "I was a bit surprised that I was named to play the doubles match because I hardly play doubles." Arrese said: "Juan Carlos hasn't played at all badly. He played the right way but the Bryans are great doubles players." 

Ireland v USA (Sat)  Saturday 20 November  Lansdowne Road, Dublin  1300 GMT  The Irish coach knows a repeat of the record 83-3 victory over the States in 2000 is not on the agenda and expects a real test at Lansdowne Road. "Their coach Tom Billups will have them very organised," said O'Sullivan. "They ran five tries past the French in the summer, so we will not take them for granted. We have guys coming into the team who are chomping at the bit." The Irish line-up shows nine changes from the team which started against South Africa with winger Tommy Bowe and flanker Denis Leamy making their international debuts. The other changes see recalls for backs David Humphreys, Kevin Maggs and Guy Easterby with Eric Miller, Marcus Horan, Donnacha O'Callaghan and Frank Sheehan all returning to the pack.  O'Sullivan said the players coming in had the opportunity to stake claims for inclusion against Argentina on 27 November. Easterby gets a rare start at scrum-half while Humphreys, now effectively Ronan O'Gara's deputy at fly-half, wins his 65th cap. "We have got to get the focus right on the day," said Ulster man Humphreys. "The US may be classed as weaker opposition, but we will treat them with the respect they deserve." The States lost 39-31 against France in their last international and are ranked 16th in world rugby. The Americans have made three changes, plus one positional switch from the game in July against the French. Lock Alec Parker, blind-side flanker Brian Surgener and right wing Al Lakomskis return and captain Kort Schubert of the Cardiff Blues shifts to number eight. Schubert is the only Eagles player remaining from the sides' meeting four years ago.  G Murphy; S Horgan, B O'Driscoll (capt), K Maggs, T Bowe; D Humphreys, G Easterby; M Horan. F Sheahan, J Hayes, D O'Callaghan, P O'Connell, S Easterby, D Leamy, E Miller.  S Byrne, S Best, L Cullen, A Foley, P Stringer, R O'Gara, G Dempsey.  Viljoen; Lakomskis, Emerick, Sika, Fee, Hercus, Timoteo; MacDonald, Wyatt, Waasdorp, Parker, Klerck, Surgener, Petruzzella, Schubert (capt).  Hobson, Osentowski, Gouws, Mo'unga, Williams, Sherman, Tuipulotu. 

Robinson answers critics  England captain Jason Robinson has rubbished suggestions that the world champions are a team in decline.  England were beaten 11-9 by Wales in their Six Nations opener in Cardiff last week and face current champions France at Twickenham on Sunday. Robinson said: "We are certainly not on the decline. You lose one game and it doesn't make you a bad team. "I have no doubt in the players we've got. We have still got the team to go out and beat anyone on our day." England find themselves striving to avoid a third successive championship defeat for the first time since 1987. But full-back Robinson believes the new-look England team can stop the rot against France.  "Last weekend we should have won the game," he said. "But if we can under-perform and lose by only two points then I am sure if we play well this week we will get the win we need. "We proved that in the autumn - when we put in some excellent performances - and we just need to build on that.  "It was a disappointing start against Wales and we might be down on that. "But we are certainly not out. We will come out fighting this week." Robinson also had words of comfort for 18-year-old Newcastle centre Mathew Tait, who made his international debut against Wales but has been demoted from the squad to face France.  "I have had a word with Mathew," said Robinson. "I still believe in him. He is an outstanding player but we have gone for Olly (Barkley) because of the kicking. "Mathew has just got to take it on the chin, keep working hard like he is doing and I'm sure he will feature in some of the games." 

Lara injury worry for West Indies  VB Series, Perth, Match nine: West Indies v Pakistan  Play starts Friday 0315 GMT  Lara is expected to play in Perth despite a wrist injury, with the winners taking on hosts Australia. Pedro Collins (thigh strain) and Ramnesh Sarwan (bruised elbow) are also injury concerns for the Windies. Pakistan are without leading bastman Younis Khan, who has flown home following the death of his father. Their skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq believes the three-wicket victory over Australia in Perth on Sunday will give his side the upper hand. He said: "Definitely we have the advantage because we have played one Test match and played in Perth for 15 or 16 days before that. "This track is totally different and West Indies are playing for the first time here. "This win has definitely helped us for the coming games. Hopefully we will play the final and we will win," he added. Inzamam is wary of the in-form Lara after he belted 156 off 138 balls in a victory over Pakistan in Adelaide last Friday.  But he said his team had bowled better against Australia and warned Lara would need to be on top of his game with medium-pace bowler Naved-ul-Hasan and all-rounder Abdul Razzaq showing better form. "I think he realises the bowling was not good in the last game. I think especially Naved and Razzaq have worked hard in the nets and they are good here." Lara conceded Pakistan may have the advantage but pointed out there were plenty of players within the West Indies squad, including himself, who had played at the Waca ground before. "We've got some batsmen that have played here and we know exactly what the track is doing," said Lara.  "It is more a mental game than the physical side and who has had more experience at the Waca. "What I am worried about with Pakistan is that they are going to be playing three games in five days," he said. "Hopefully that can play on their mind and we will have a tired bunch."  Inzamam-ul-Haq (captain), Shoaib Malik, Yousuf Youhana, Salman Butt, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Abdul Razzaq, Shahid Afridi, Naved-ul-Hasan, Yasir Hameed, Rao Iftikhar, Mohammad Khalil.  C H Gayle, W W Hinds, R R Sarwan, B C Lara (Capt) S Chanderpaul, R L Powell, D J J Bravo, C O Browne (Wkt) I D R Bradshaw, R D King, P T Collins. 

Shoaib ruled out of Test series  Fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar will miss Pakistan's Test series in India because he is still troubled by a hamstring injury and cannot be considered.  He suffered the injury in Australia last month and says his recovery will take another four to five weeks. The squad for India will be named on Saturday but he was quoted as saying: "I don't want to play half fit." The news comes less than 24 hours after he was fined £265 for breaching the terms of his contract in Australia. He was accused of visiting nightclubs and talking to the media without permission, but denies the charges and has lodged an appeal against the decision of a disciplinary panel. However, Shoaib insisted his decision to pull out of the Test series had nothing to do with the outcome of the disciplinary hearing. "My decision is not linked to the fine or warning," he said. "It is an honest decision since I don't want to go half fit to India." Shoaib's absence will be a huge blow to Pakistan's chances of avenging last year's home Test series defeat by India. But he still hopes to be available for the six one-day internationals which follow the Test matches. "I have informed the Pakistan Cricket Board of my decision and will inform them as soon as I get fit so if the team needs me at that stage I am available.  "I would love to play the one-day series provided the team needs me," he added. The 29-year-old, known as the Rawalpindi Express, is the quickest bowler in world cricket and has been clocked at 100mph. But his fitness record has been poor and he has missed 30 of the 66 Tests Pakistan have played since he made his debut in November 1997. Shoaib believes injuries are an inevitable part of the game for fast bowlers because of the amount of international cricket nowadays. But critics point to the fact that he has increased his workload by agreeing contracts with English counties. He had spells with Durham in 2003-04 and is due to play for Worcestershire in the second half of the 2005 season following a tour to the West Indies. Pakistan, meanwhile, are awaiting fitness reports on fellow seamers Mohammad Sami, Mohammad Khalil and Shabbir Ahmed before finalising their squad for India. Another paceman, Umar Gul, will definitely not make the trip because he is still undergoing rehabilitation following stress fractures in his back. 

Ruddock backs Yapp's credentials  Wales coach Mike Ruddock says John Yapp has what it takes as an international.  The 21-year-old Blues prop is the only uncapped player in Wales' Six Nations squad, gaining a chance in the absence of Ospreys loose-head Duncan Jones. "John is a young man with a big future. He has been playing with the Blues for two years and has racked up mileage on his playing clock," said Ruddock. "He has international size, is a big, physical lad and a good ball-carrier with a high tackle-count." Ruddock's assessment was backed up by Yapp's coach at the Blues, former Wales and Lions prop Dai Young.  "John's been on an upward curve all season and is going from strength to strength," Young told BBC Sport Wales. "His ball carrying gives us good go-forward, he impresses in defence and his work-rate is excellent. "He's working hard on his scrummaging technique, which he is keen to improve to become a destroyer on the loose-head. "To be fair to him he's not quite there with the scrummaging yet, but nobody can fault his effort, commitment and attitude. "John's a very strong man and is eager for the challenge, if he's pitched in he won't let anyone down. "He's developing quickly, but I hope he isn't pushed too quickly in a way that would hurt his development."  Ruddock hopes that the selection of Yapp and Dragons lock Ian Gough - out of the international reckoning since falling out with former coach Steve Hansen - will send a message to other players in Wales. "John and Ian have been rewarded for impressing during the Heineken Cup competition," said Ruddock. "Both of them have played well, and we want to send a message out that consistently playing well gets you in the squad. "We believe this is an exciting squad representing traditional values of Welsh rugby, and based on the performances in the November internationals. "We have strength and experience up front, and well-recognised talent, pace and skill behind. "The management team just want to get hold of the players and get out on the training pitch at the moment. "They are all due in on Sunday, and that's when the hard work starts." 

Robinson ready for difficult task  England coach Andy Robinson faces the first major test of his tenure as he tries to get back to winning ways after the Six Nations defeat by Wales.  Robinson is likely to make changes in the back row and centre after the 11-9 loss as he contemplates Sunday's set-to with France at Twickenham. Lewis Moody and Martin Corry could both return after missing the game with hamstring and shoulder problems. And the midfield pairing of Mathew Tait and Jamie Noon is also under threat. Olly Barkley immediately allowed England to generate better field position with his kicking game after replacing debutant Tait just before the hour. The Bath fly-half-cum-centre is likely to start against France, with either Tait or Noon dropping out.  Tait, given little opportunity to shine in attack, received praise from Robinson afterwards, even if the coach admitted Cardiff was an "unforgiving place" for the teenage prodigy. Robinson now has a tricky decision over whether to withdraw from the firing line, after just one outing, a player he regards as central to England's future. Tait himself, at least outwardly, appeared unaffected by the punishing treatment dished out to him by Gavin Henson in particular. "I want more of that definitely," he said. "Hopefully I can train hard this week and get selected for next week but we'll have to look at the video and wait and see. "We were playing on our own 22 for a lot of the first half so it was quite difficult. I thought we defended reasonably well but we've just got to pick it up for France."  His Newcastle team-mate Noon hardly covered himself in glory in his first major Test. He missed a tackle on Michael Owen in the build-up to Wales' try, conceded a penalty at the breakdown, was turned over in another tackle and fumbled Gavin Henson's cross-kick into touch, all inside the first quarter. His contribution improved in the second half, but England clearly need more of a playmaker in the inside centre role. Up front, the line-out remains fallible, despite a superb performance from Chris Jones, whose athleticism came to the fore after stepping into the side for Moody. It is more likely the Leicester flanker will return on the open side for the more physical challenge posed by the French forwards, with Andy Hazell likely to make way. Lock Ben Kay also justified his recall with an impressive all-round display on his return to the side, but elsewhere England positives were thin on the ground. 

Gerrard happy at Anfield  Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has reiterated his desire to stay at Anfield and win trophies with the club.  The 24-year-old England midfielder is determined to see out his contract, despite reported interest from Chelsea. He said: "I'm signed here for this season and another two so there is no situation. There's a lot of speculation but that's not down to me. "As club captain all I want to do is help us get back up the table and into the Champions League again." Gerrard looked set to move to Chelsea during the summer and speculation of a switch to Stamford Bridge has again arisen, with the January transfer window approaching. He raised doubts about his Reds future when he said he wanted the club to prove they were title challengers in the very near future or he might leave. Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez has insisted that Gerrard has promised him he wants to stay at Anfield. Benitez said: "I said to Steven that I was sure he wanted to stay here and he said 'I do'.  "I then said to him 'Look, if you want to win titles, you want medals and you want Liverpool to have these things then I am going to need your help'. "I really think he wants to stay so now what we must do is make the squad stronger for him." Meanwhile, Gerrard has urged the Anfield board to sign Real Madrid striker Fernando Morientes in the January transfer window. Morientes, 28, has already expressed a willingness to come to England. Gerrard added: "He's a great player. He scores goals in the league, in cup competitions and also in the Champions League. "I don't think he'd be able to play for us in Europe this season but if we are able to get hold of him, we'd be getting ourselves a great player.  "He'd have Spanish coaches, a Spanish manager and we have got three or four Spanish players here now so they'll help him settle in. "Rafael Benitez knows what he wants and he knows how to strengthen the squad he's got and if the right players become available at the right price I am sure we will strengthen. "It would certainly be nice to see a few new faces in January to freshen things up." 

Barbarians 19-47 New Zealand  New Zealand proved too strong for an Australian-dominated Barbarians to round off their unbeaten northern hemisphere tour with an easy win.  Rico Gear ran in two of the All Blacks' seven tries in what was a predominantly second-string line-up. The Baa-Baas did threaten, scoring tries through Albert van den Bergh, Xavier Rush and Andrea Lo Cicero, but never looked like winning. All Black Aaron Mauger was in good form with the boot, adding 10 points. The All Blacks featured only two of the side which started last weekend's emphatic Test victory over France in Paris, while the Baa-Baas had nine Wallabies in their starting line-up. And New Zealand coach Graham Henry said: "It was a quality performance against a very experienced side and a number of young guys came through very well. "They learnt from the older players and this was a way of thanking the guys who had been mentoring them on the tour." But the running rugby the crowd had been hoping for rarely materialised. Marty Holah got the All Blacks onslaught under way with his fifth-minute try before Rush hit back moments later. But New Zealand went ahead once more as Gear made use of the space vacated by a temporarily injured Chris Latham to slide in. Ma'a Nonu then found his way through the Barbarians defence to give his side a 19-7 half-time lead. The hosts failed to ignite in the second half and, the moment Gear scored his second just after the interval, there was only ever going to be one winner. Lo Cicero, the sole European for the Barbarians, bundled over for a try to briefly curtail the deficit. But the match was blighted by controversy moments later when Justin Marshall, was felled with a high tackle by Jimmy Cowan. Referee Andy Turner waved play on and Casey Laulala coasted in for his side's fifth try. Jermoe Keino and Piri Weepu both added tries to the All Blacks' tally before the final whistle, while van den Bergh gained some consolation for the Baa-Baas. After the match, Barbarians coach Bob Dwyer warned that South African flanker Schalk Burger needed a proper off-season break to maintain his standards. Burger, 21, was recently crowned player of the year by both his peers and the International Rugby Board, but has struggled for form in recent weeks. "It's his first year at that level and he was phenomenal up until the end of the southern hemisphere season. "I don't think he's played anywhere near that level on tour," he said. 

Beckham defends form for England  England captain David Beckham insists he is not concerned by criticism of his displays for club and country.  "As long as I'm happy with my form for Real Madrid and England, whatever anybody else says doesn't really matter," said Beckham. "The most important thing for me is that I'm comfortable with the way I'm playing - I must admit, the last month has been my best month for a while. "There are a lot of important games coming up, for Real and for England."  The midfielder feels that new coach Wanderley Luxemburgo's arrival at Madrid has lifted the Spanish giants. "Since the turn of the year, it's been exciting because we've got a new manager in, and we're playing more attractive football than we had been over the last few months," Beckham explained. "He's totally changed things around - I think we're working a lot harder in training and we're more organised in games.  "That's shown in the games we've played under him - even the six-minute game, which was a great start for him. "It's pushed the players on a little bit, and given us more confidence, which is great for any team. I'm looking forward to 2005 - we're seven points behind Barcelona but things are looking up for us. "In any season, I want to win as many trophies as possible, play the best football I can, and stay healthy and fit - that's all I can ask." Looking ahead to next week's first England game of 2005, Beckham is keen to test his form on the international stage. "It's important to be involved in games like this - it's a tough game against Holland, even though it's a friendly," he said. "It's always nice to play in England games, but it's important to have friendlies, as it's good to get prepared for the qualifiers which are coming up. "It's important for the team which starts the qualifying games to play together as much as possible, but the manager can also try younger players out."  Beckham has also been gripped by the excitement of the Premiership title race this season. "There aren't many leagues like it around the world - it's so exciting and intense, and the top three or four clubs are really close," he said. "Chelsea seem to be running away with it a little bit, but Manchester United keep winning, and no-one can forget what Arsenal can do on the pitch, so it's going to be interesting. "There's plenty of talent in the Chelsea team, the Arsenal team - but the player who always catches the eye for me is Thierry Henry - he's a great player and a really good person. "John Terry and Frank Lampard have been exceptional for Chelsea, and they're a big part of why Chelsea are doing so well this year." 

Prop Jones ready for hard graft  Adam Jones says the Wales forwards are determined to set the perfect attacking platform for the backs by dominating the powerful France pack in Paris.  The prop said: "If we get stuffed in the front five our backs have had it. "The mentality of the French is 'scrum, scrum, scrum'. We will see how good France are and the scrum is the key. "I just hope [the backs] carry on where they left off against Italy. It's just up to us in the forwards to win the ball and give them the opportunity." Wales have won two of their last three visits to Stade de France, having secured back-to-back wins under Graham Henry in 1999 and 2001. And with the likes of Shane Williams and Gavin Henson finding top form at the right time, Mike Ruddock's team is now one of international rugby's most potent attacking threats. "Gavin is ridiculously talented. He has been bouncing around the place this week, so he is up for it," warned Jones.  France have been criticised for their uncharacteristic one-dimensional play in their victories over Scotland and France. Captain Fabien Pelous has acknowledged his side needs to show more attacking flair, but stressed the game with be won or lost up front. The lock believes the Welsh forwards are not big enough to trouble his side in the scrum or line-out, but Jones insisted his fellow front-row colleagues have nothing to fear.  "Gethin [Jenkins] won't be intimidated tomorrow, none of us will," said Jones, who will be facing France for the first time. "We will go out there and front up and hopefully get the ball out to the backs. "Me and Gethin are quite young so it is good to have someone of Mefin's experience in there. "Mefin is a good thinker who puts things across. But what is the saying? If you are good enough you are old enough and Gethin certainly is. "He is a really good player and I imagine he will be on the Lions tour [to New Zealand this summer]." 

Wales critical of clumsy Grewcock  Wales coach Mike Ruddock says England lock Danny Grewcock needs to review his actions after he kicked Dwayne Peel.  Trouble flared at a ruck in the first half of Wales' 11-9 win in Cardiff as Grewcock came recklessly over the top with his boot, leaving Peel bloodied. Grewcock was sin-binned with Wales captain Gareth Thomas for retaliation. "It's up to the citing commissioner," said Ruddock. "I'm not saying it's deliberate, but Grewcock did a similar thing for Bath against Leinster." Last June Grewcock was banned from rugby for two months for reckless use of a boot in a match against New Zealand.  Six years earlier, also in New Zealand, Grewcock became only the second England player to be sent off in Tests. The player himself and his captain Jason Robinson have both said that the clash with Peel was accidental. "If the ball is at the back of the ruck and I feel I can step over and disrupt it then I will do that," said Grewcock. But Ruddock feels that the England man should be more careful. "The boy himself should look at his actions, it was a clumsy piece of footwork," he said. "He's a great player and I don't want to knock him, we won't be calling for the match commissioner to review the incident. "I'm not going to go too far with the lad. It could just be a clumsy action and Dwayne had just a minor cut. "The referee's interpretation was that Grewcock was attempting to step over the ruck." Ruddock also warned his RBS 6 Nations Championship rivals that his team can make massive improvements. "We created more opportunities and also squandered them by taking more contact and playing more individually," said the coach. "We've looked through things on the video debrief and there were definitely a lot of chances that we wasted." In the forthcoming games, Ruddock may use penalty hero Gavin Henson as his first-choice kicker in place of Stephen Jones. "Our first aim was to get Gavin settled into the team, but it's something we'll talk about in selection this week," said Ruddock. 

Blues slam Blackburn over Savage  Birmingham have confirmed Blackburn made a bid for Robbie Savage - but managing director Karen Brady has called it "derisory".  Rovers have reportedly offered £500,000 up front for the Wales star, 30, with the fee rising to £2.2m. But Brady told The Sun the bid was "a waste of fax paper and my time". She added: "The way things are going all this could affect the relationship between the clubs. They've got into Robbie's head. But he's not for sale." Savage's future at Birmingham has been the source of speculation for several weeks, with some fans criticising his performances for the club earlier in the season. However, good displays against West Brom and Aston Villa have impressed Blues fans. "The crowd gave me a massive standing ovation when I came off on Saturday which was nice," he said. "It was fantastic even though I was criticised by a number of them in recent weeks and on Saturday it showed how much I mean to them. "It's not for me to say (about transfer rumours), it's between the two clubs. "I haven't created the speculation myself, I haven't phoned every national newspaper saying, 'Blackburn are trying to buy me'. It's not up to me." Birmingham manager Steve Bruce insists he does not want to sell Savage. "A lot is said and written about Sav but he has been terrific for Birmingham City the last two and a half years," he said.  "The fans love him because he epitomises them. He works hard, They like people like that and there are not many like him. "And why the hell should I sell him to someone else? I am not interested." 

Bracewell worried by Lee  New Zealand coach John Bracewell is furious that Australia paceman Brett Lee has bowled four beamers at his batsmen in the current one-day series.  Brendon McCullum was struck on the arm by a waist-high full toss in Auckland on Sunday, a match Australia won. Bracewell said: "He's been apologetic every time he's done it. "He was apologetic when he did it to Chris Harris, and Paul Wiseman, and he's apologised twice to Brendon. That's a lot of apologies."  Bracewell was also of the view that Lee had bowled a beamer at Pakistan's Abdul Razzaq during the VB Series. On Sunday, a furious McCullum confronted Lee mid-pitch after being struck on the arm, and while the incident was later resolved, Bracewell was not happy. Lee, who took 2-24 off seven overs on Saturday and also sent Michael Papps to hospital with a bouncer, was contrite afterwards.  He said the heavy dew caused his feet to shift on delivery stride and he lost control against McCullum. "Unfortunately the ball came out and it hit him - thank God it didn't hurt him," said Lee. "I know when I was beamed accidently by Razzaq [also in the VB Series] your first impression is to go crazy. "[McCullum] lost it there for 15-20 seconds and I went up and apologised and said 'I would never mean to do that'." Australia captain Ricky Ponting refuses to admit there is animosity between the sides despite Bracewell's disquiet. "Teams have got on very well," Ponting said. " "We've been in each other's rooms after every game. Relations have been very good. "The only thing was the full-toss that Brett bowled, otherwise everything's been great. It's been a good series played in great spirit." In the laws of the game, a bowler is removed from the attack by the umpires for bowling two beamers in a match, whether accidental or not. Any delivery that passes the batsman at or above waist-height without bouncing is deemed a no-ball. 

Williams stays on despite dispute  Matt Williams insists he has no thoughts of quitting as national coach as a result of the power struggle currently gripping Scottish rugby.  The chairman, chief executive and three non-executive directors all departed in a row over the game's future direction. But Williams said: "I want to make it clear that I'm committed totally to Scottish rugby. "I've brought my family here and we've immersed ourselves in Scottish life. There's no way that I'm walking away." However, he attempted to steer clear of taking sides in the dispute. "I'd like to stress that the national team is separate to the political situation," he said.  "When you come to an undertaking like this and you are trying to make a difference then there are always people who will begrudge you, who are jealous and want to try to drag you down. "When you have that situation, you have to have the courage of your convictions to see it through. "There was some very unhelpful and uninformed comment that the national team had received a massive increase in budget at the expense of other parts of Scottish rugby and that is simply not the case. "Like all good coaches, you go and ask for an increase. But we were told in no uncertain terms that the financial situation did not allow that. "The idea that we are lighting cigars with £20 notes while the rest of Scottish rugby flounders is absolutely untrue. "We also attracted criticism because of the number of days players spent with the national team. "But let me give you the truth. Our Irish counterparts, whom we have to compete with in a few days' time, had 70 days together at the summer. "They are currently in camp now and they will have another 21 days in camp before the Six Nations. "That means they will have 91 days away from their club from July until the Six Nations. We, on the other hand, will have 16. "There must be a win-win philosophy and attitude within Scottish rugby and that is what we are after - both groups winning, not competing." 

Wenger dejected as Arsenal slump  Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger claimed their display in the 3-1 defeat against Bayern Munich was "our worst peformance in the Champions League".  Kolo Toure's late goal gives the Gunners hope for the second leg, but Wenger said: "The only positive is that we are still in the tie. "The players are really down in the dressing-room. I feel we really turned in a bad performance. "At 3-0 we faced a real struggle, but 3-1 at least gives us a chance."  Goalscorer Toure was also at fault for two goals, and Wenger said: "We need to help Toure rebuild his confidence as he is low at the moment." Wenger also tried to stay upbeat himself, adding: "But there is enough time for crying. I could cry - maybe it would be easier - but life goes on. "In this job, you have good and bad nights. This was a bad night - but I still have confidence in the quality of my players, as well as their spirit and desire." But Wenger's Bayern counterpart Felix Magath was in no mood to celebrate either. He said: "I am far from happy despite the win. My players failed to try and score a fourth to kill the tie and then conceded the late goal.  "Arsenal are fully capable of scoring several goals against us on their own turf." Arsenal keeper Jens Lehmann, whose personal rivalry with Bayern goalkeeper Oliver Kahn was not helped by the result, said: "Do I blame myself for the third goal? As a goalkeeper, I always blame myself. "I just know the goals were very easy against us. In my time here, we have never conceded three easy goals like that - but sometimes it happens. "It would have been impossible to go through at 3-0 - but with the goal we have chances. Everything is now possible." 

Ireland call up uncapped Campbell  Ulster scrum-half Kieran Campbell is one of five uncapped players included in Ireland's RBS Six Nations squad.  Campbell is joined by Ulster colleagues Roger Wilson and Ronan McCormack along with Connacht's Bernard Jackman and Munster's Shaun Payne. Gordon D'Arcy is back after injury while Munster flanker Alan Quinlan also returns to international consideration. "The squad is selected purely on form. A lot of players put their hands up," coach Eddie O'Sullivan told BBC Sport. "Kieran Campbell was just one of those players. He has been playing very well in the Heineken Cup and deserves his call-up. "There is big competition in some departments and not so much in others. There were one or two players who were unfortunate just to miss out." Back-row forwards David Wallace and Victor Costello are omitted, with O'Sullivan having Quinlan, Wilson, Simon Easterby, Anthony Foley, Denis Leamy and Johnny O'Connor vying for the three positions.  With David Humphreys, Kevin Maggs, Simon Best and Tommy Bowe again included, it is Ulster's biggest representation in a training panel for quite some time. Munster and Leinster have 12 and 11 players in the squad respectively while Jackman is the sole Connacht representative. Four British-based players are also included. Ulster forward Ronan McCormack said he was "totally shocked" to be included. "I'm really looking forward to it," said McCormack. "I played with guys like Brian O'Driscoll and Denis Hickie back in my school days in Leinster so I do know a few of them although not that well. "It will be great to work with them."  S Best (Ulster), S Byrne (Leinster), R Corrigan (Leinster), L Cullen (Leinster), S Easterby (Llanelli), A Foley (Munster), J Hayes (Munster), M Horan (Munster), B Jackman (Connacht), D Leamy (Munster), E Miller (Leinster), R McCormack (Ulster), D O'Callaghan (Munster), P O'Connell (Munster), J O'Connor (Wasps), M O'Kelly (Leinster), F Sheahan (Munster), R Wilson (Ulster), A Quinlan (Munster).  T Bowe (Ulster), K Campbell (Ulster), G D'Arcy (Ulster), G Dempsey (Leinster), G Duffy (Harlequins), G Easterby (Leinster), D Hickie (Leinster), A Horgan (Munster), S Horgan (Leinster), D Humphreys (Ulster), K Maggs (Ulster), G Murphy (Leicester), B O'Driscoll, (Leinster), R O'Gara (Munster), S Payne (Munster), P Stringer (Munster).  K Gleeson (Leinster), T Howe (Ulster), J Kelly (Munster), N McMillan (Ulster). 

London Irish 19-33 Wasps  Wasps made light of the absence of several internationals to sink London Irish with a trio of second-half tries.  Rob Hoadley returned to haunt his old club at the Madejski Stadium, scoring the opening try in the 43rd minute. Tom Voyce powered through the Irish defence for Wasps' second try before Richard Birkett went over unchallenged. Mark van Gisbergen added 18 points. Irish replied with three penalties and a Mark Mapletoft drop goal before Scott Staniforth ran in a consolation try. Barry Everitt, who replaced Mapletoft late in the game, added the conversion to become the fourth Premiership player to reach 1,000 points. He joins Jonny Wilkinson, Tim Stimpson and Paul Grayson in achieving that target. Wasps piled on the pressure in an attempt to grab a fourth try which would have secured them a bonus point, but they were denied by some desperate defending from Irish. Director of rugby Warren Gatland revealed that harsh words at half-time inspired his Wasps side to raise their game after the restart.  "They got a roasting and it was a good second-half performance when they came out and played to instructions," he said. Gatland also singled out stand-in flankers Tom Rees and John Hart for special praise. "They did very well. The back row played some fantastic rugby," he added. London Irish coach Gary Gold felt the result exposed his side's lack of consistency.  Irish trailed by just two points at the break and Gold said: "For 55 minutes we lived with the best but we have got to get back for the full 80 minutes." Gold will now turn his attention to next week's Powergen Cup semi-final at struggling Leeds. "We've got a good chance but with Leeds facing possible relegation they're going to come out firing," he added.  Horak, Staniforth, Penney, Nordt, Bishop; Mapletoft, Edwards; Hatley, van der Walt, Hardwick; Kennedy, Casey; Gustard, Dawson, Murphy.  Replacements: Everitt for Mapletoft (53), Hodgson for Edwards (77), Wheatley for Hatley (71), Paice for van der Walt (60), Strudwick for Kennedy (60), Danaher for Gustard (66), Reid for Murphy (47)  Van Gisbergen; Voyce, Erinle, Hoadley, Roberts; King, Richards; Payne, Greening, Dowd; Shaw, Purdy; Hart, Rees, Dallaglio.  Replacements: Priscott for Roberts (71), Green for Dowd (71), Skivington for Shaw (71), Birkett for Hart (57), Gotting for Rees (39). Not used: Fury, Brooks 

The wonder of Ronaldinho  Ronaldinho has the most famous smile in football - but it is the grins his incredible talent has put on the faces of fans that ensured he picked up the World Player of the Year award on Monday night.  The Brazilian landed the prize ahead of strikers Thierry Henry of Arsenal and AC Milan's Andriy Shevchenko after a year in which his dancing feet dazzled defenders and delighted fans. Henry and Shevchenko led their clubs to the league titles in England and Italy while Ronaldinho ended last season trophy-less. But while Ronaldinho's achievements may not have won him any medals, they have won him the hearts of a football world. He has turned despair into delight at Barcelona since deciding to move to the Nou Camp instead of Manchester United and, in the process, brought a joy back to the sport. Barcelona were an ailing club thirsty for former glories to be restored as they hung heavily in the shadows of the "galacticos" of arch-rivals Real Madrid.  But the arrival of Ronaldinho in July 2003 has spearheaded a rapid rise which now sees the Catalan club playing the kind of flamboyant football encapsulated by the dashing skills of their playmaker and inspiration. He has fans on the edge of their seats as they wonder what marvels the boy from Brazil will produce to amaze them. Ronaldinho's magic rarely disappoints and, while he possesses all the feints, step-overs, shoulder-drops and vision one could wish for, he also has the crucial ability of complementing his skills with an end product. His victory in Fifa's annual vote may be hard for Henry and Shevchenko, who have amazed with their exploits, but Ronaldinho just has that little extra va-va voom. Ronaldinho can add the award to the World Cup winners medal he earned with Brazil at the 2002 World Cup and the 1999 Copa America title.  Ronaldinho - full name Ronaldo de Assis Moreira - has come a long way from his humble origins in Porto Allegre, where he was spotted by his hometown club Gremio at the age of 18. His flamboyance and vision was a key factor as Brazil won the World under-17 title in 1997, and in 1999 he captured the attention of then-Brazil coach Wanderley Luxemburgo with 15 goals in 14 matches for Gremio. Ronaldinho made his international debut that year and announced himself on the world stage with a sensational solo effort against Venezuela in the Copa America, which Brazil went on to win. A protracted transfer saga saw him move to Paris St Germain where his relationship with the French club was far from harmonious, and coach Luis Fernandez was not amused when he turned up late following a trip home at Christmas. There was also discontent about the samba star's penchant for dancing at Parisian night spots as much as waltzing past opponents.  But Barcelona were confirmed admirers and a year later his club career - which had been somewhat grounded - really took off after a move to Spain. Sir Alex Ferguson had been confident of tempting him to Manchester United, but the lure of the Nou Camp was too strong. Things did not go that well at the start of his life in Spain, but following the winter break, Ronaldinho and Barcelona hit top gear, finishing the campaign strongly and earning a Champions League place.  Transfer speculation has followed him throughout his young career and almost inevitably he was linked with Chelsea this summer. But even the Blues' billionaire owner Roman Abramovich could not prise him away from Barca, who rewarded him with an improved contract with a buy-out clause of £100m. 

Wasps 31-37 Leicester  Leicester withstood a stunning Wasps comeback to win a pulsating Heineken Cup encounter at the Causeway Stadium.  The Tigers stormed 22-6 ahead within 18 minutes through tries from Lewis Moody, Geordan Murphy and Martin Corry. European champions Wasps fought back through a Josh Lewsey try and Mark van Gisbergen's boot, and they were level at 31-31 with five minutes remaining. But it was the visitors who kept their cool as Andy Goode kicked the Tigers to victory with a penalty and a drop goal. The closing moments saw desperate defence from Leicester as Wasps turned down several penalties to go for the try they needed. Wasps pounded the line and a penalty try looked likely before referee Nigel Williams controversially blew for full-time. Fly-half Goode was the Tigers hero, kicking 22 points in total, while Leicester's overwhelming domination in the scrums ultimately told. Even their lack of discipline in defence - which presented the admirable Van Ginsberg with 26 points - could not undo them as they held out for a famous win.  Lawrence Dallaglio's team have now got it all to do in the quest for a quarter-final place given that two of their last three games are away - against Leicester and Biarritz. However, Wasps rugby director Warren Gatland warned his side will will not relinquish their European title without a fight. "If we lose next week, then we are struggling," said Gatland. "But we don't want to give this trophy away. We worked so hard to win it last season, we will go down fighting. "We have got to get our scrum right next week, it is the biggest cause for concern." Leicester coach John Wells saluted the outstanding work of Graham Rowntree and Julian White, who were magnificent up front. "They were the backbone of our performance today," said Wells. "And to score three tries against the European champions at home was also something I am pleased about."  Van Gisbergen; Lewsey, Erinle, Abbott, Voyce; King, Dawson; Dowd, Greening, Green; Shaw, Birkett; Worsley, O'Connor, Dallaglio (capt).  Replacements: Gotting, McKenzie, Lock, Hart, Biljon, Brooks, Hoadley.  Murphy; Rabeni, Smith, Gibson, Healey; Goode, Ellis; Rowntree, Chuter, White, M Johnson (capt), L Deacon; Moody, Back, Corry.  Replacements (from): Buckland/Cockerill, Morris, Kay, W Johnson/B Deacon, H Tuilagi, Bemand, A Tuiliagi, Lloyd, Vesty. 

Prutton poised for lengthy FA ban  Southampton's David Prutton faces a possible seven-match ban when he goes before the Football Association.  The 23-year-old has admitted two charges of improper conduct following his dismissal against Arsenal. The first charge relates to his failure to leave the field promptly, pushing referee Alan Wiley and remonstrating with assistant referee Paul Norman. And the second charge is for using threatening words and/or behaviour to a match official during the 1-1 draw.  Paolo di Canio was given a seven-match suspension when he pushed referee Paul Alcock over in a Premiership game between Sheffield Wednesday and Arsenal in 1998. Prutton will be joined at Wednesday's hearing by Saints boss Harry Redknapp, who believes that the FA will throw the book at his player. Redknapp himself sprinted along the touchline to help physio Jim Joyce and coach Denis Rofe shepherd the enraged Prutton away from referee's assistant Norman. "David has made a big mistake and he knows it. I can't condone what he's done. He was out of order but he knows that," said Redknapp. "He's a decent lad. He over-reacted badly for some reason - he had a rush of blood from somewhere. Off the pitch you couldn't meet a nicer lad." Prutton has apologised publicly for his actions and to Arsenal's Robert Pires, who was injured in a wild tackle by the Saints' midfield man.  He said: "It's an horrendous situation. I apologise to the ref and linesman, who were only doing their job. "I've also seen what happened to Pires' leg and I'm sorry for that as well." "I apologise for the people who saw it. I know you get lots of kids going to the match now and they don't pay money to see that sort of thing. "It's not a cop-out, but it was all a bit of a blur. Sometimes you react and it's beyond your control, " added Prutton. 

Scotland 18-10 Italy  Six Chris Paterson penalties gave Scotland victory in a dour but clinical encounter against Italy at Murrayfield.  Coach Matt Williams' side were outmuscled and outplayed in a tense first half but led 6-3 at the break. Paterson slotted four more second-half penalties and Scotland were denied a try when wing Sean Lamont's touchdown was ruled out for a forward pass. A late Andrea Masi try was small consolation for Italy, chasing their first away win in the Six Nations. Scotland came out on top of the early exchanges and took a quick 3-0 lead through the boot of full-back Paterson. But the more powerful Azzurri pack eventually rumbled into life.  A series of drives into Scottish territory set up a penalty attempt, missed by full-back Roland De Marigny, and a wayward drop-goal effort from Luciano Orquera. Scotland defended the initial thrusts but on 20 minutes Italy, after coming up yards short of the line, equalised through a De Marigny penalty. Italy were offered another penalty when Scottish flanker Simon Taylor was offside but the left-footed De Marigny pushed his kick wide. Scotland finally made the most of a rare foray into the Italian half and snatched three points from Paterson when an Italian forward handled the ball in a ruck.  As the half wore on, both sides squandered promising spells of momentum with sloppy penalties, and the period fizzled out with Scotland numerically, if not psychologically, on top. Italy's De Marigny narrowly missed a chance to level the scores again shortly after the break but his long-range kick shaved the right upright. And Scotland capitalised with a third Paterson penalty on 50 minutes. Williams' side seemed to have found a spark from somewhere and, after a couple of probing attacks, Paterson was able to slot another three points to widen the gap.  With the pendulum of possession swinging towards Scotland, Lamont thought he had wriggled over in the left corner after 65 minutes but play was recalled for a marginal forward pass from Paterson. Another Paterson penalty on 70 minutes kept the pressure on the wilting visitors. But John Kirwan's men had the last laugh when Gordon Ross' attempted clearance was charged down and Masi pounced for the try, converted by De Marigny.  : C Paterson; S Webster, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; S Taylor, J Petrie, A Hogg.  R Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood.  R de Marigny; Mirco Bergamasco, C Stoica, A Masi, L Nitoglia; L Orquera, A Troncon; A Lo Cicero, F Ongaro, M Castrogiovanni; S Dellape, M Bortolami (capt); A Persico, D Dal Maso, S Parisse.  G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, S Orlando, P Griffen, R Pedrazzi, KP Robertson. 

Cricket coach moves on after tsunami  When the tsunami crashed onto the Sri Lankan coastline, cricket coach Stephen Jones was in the middle of catching practice.  Within minutes the entire playing area at the Galle stadium was covered by water, but Jones and the boys of the Harrow School team made it to safety just in time. Thousands were not so lucky and now, almost a month later, Jones is still coming to terms with the experience. But he must do so whilst concentrating on his next coaching assignment to prepare the South African team for the Women's World Cup, starting in March. Jones admits his memory of events in Galle is still "a blur". He told BBC Sport: "We were about half an hour from starting our game and were warming up. "Fortunately we were doing fielding drills right in front of the pavilion - had we been doing them anywhere else on the field we would have been in trouble. "I remember the level of noise going up and a colleague's wife and daughter screamed at us to watch out. I was told, and this I don't remember, that one of the locals came up to me and told me to get off the field. "It probably took only five minutes, maybe 10 minutes, for the water to get to about five metres deep."  The Harrow party took refuge in a viewing area next to the changing rooms which proved high enough. "The boys were terrified - we were all terrified - but they were [also] amazingly calm," said Jones. "I thought afterwards that if one of them had panicked it might just have set off a domino effect and we could have been in trouble. "If it had happened at the beginning of the tour it might have been different, but I think the fact that we had been around together as a team counted in our favour - the team ethic of looking out for each other really came to the fore." The 49-year-old from Cape Town believes his perspective on life has changed. But he is conscious of the significance of the Women's World Cup, which South Africa is hosting, and the need to do his utmost to focus fully on helping a team which has not played international cricket for a year.  "I'm aware of the fact that perhaps women's cricket here is a little bit more in its infancy than in other countries, there's a little bit further to go. "This World Cup is critical. If it's a success and gets the exposure I hope it does, it can elevate women's cricket here to a brand new level," he said. "Perhaps I'm going to be a bit more relaxed about it than I might have been and see it in its bigger context, see the bigger picture. "But it's nice to achieve things as well and it's important for the girls to make a good go of it, and make it a special occasion." 

Moyes U-turn on Beattie dismissal  Everton manager David Moyes will discipline striker James Beattie after all for his headbutt on Chelsea defender William Gallas.  The Scot initially defended Beattie, whose dismissal put Everton on the back foot in a game they ultimately lost 1-0, saying Gallas overreacted. But he has had a rethink after looking over the video evidence again. He said: "I believe that I should set the record straight by conceding that the dismissal was right and correct." Moyes added: "My comments on Saturday came immediately after the final whistle and at a point when I had only had the opportunity to see one, very quick re-run of the incident."  The club website also reported that Beattie, who seemed unrepentant after Saturday's match, insisting Gallas "would have stayed down a lot longer" if he had headbutted him, has now apologised. Moyes continued: "Although the incident was totally out of character - James has never even been suspended before in his career - his actions were unacceptable and had a detrimental effect on his team-mates. "James did issue a formal apology to myself, his team-mates and to the Everton supporters immediately after the game and that was the right thing to have done. He will now be subjected to the normal club discipline. "He is a competitive player but a fair player and I know how upset he is by what has happened. However, I must say that I do still believe the Chelsea player in question did go down too easily." Speaking immediately after the game, Moyes said: "I don't think it was a sending-off, I have been a centre-half in my time and I would have been ashamed to have gone down as easily as that.  "Not in a million years would John Terry have gone down in the same way. I have never heard of anybody butting somebody from behind while you are running after them. "What has happened to big, strong centre-halves? I thought it was a push initially and I still don't think it was a sending-off." An angry Beattie initially said: "He (Gallas) would have stayed down a lot longer if I had headbutted him. "I can tell you it wasn't an intentional headbutt. We were chasing a ball into the corner and William Gallas was looking over his shoulder and blocking me off. "He was stopping as we were running and I said to myself 'if you're going to stay in my way I'll go straight over you'. Our heads barely touched and it wasn't an intentional headbutt." 

Moyes U-turn on Beattie dismissal  Everton manager David Moyes will discipline striker James Beattie after all for his headbutt on Chelsea defender William Gallas.  The Scot initially defended Beattie, whose dismissal put Everton on the back foot in a game they ultimately lost 1-0, saying Gallas overreacted. But he has had a rethink after looking over the video evidence again. He said: "I believe that I should set the record straight by conceding that the dismissal was right and correct." Moyes added: "My comments on Saturday came immediately after the final whistle and at a point when I had only had the opportunity to see one, very quick re-run of the incident."  The club website also reported that Beattie, who seemed unrepentant after Saturday's match, insisting Gallas "would have stayed down a lot longer" if he had headbutted him, has now apologised. Moyes continued: "Although the incident was totally out of character - James has never even been suspended before in his career - his actions were unacceptable and had a detrimental effect on his team-mates. "James did issue a formal apology to myself, his team-mates and to the Everton supporters immediately after the game and that was the right thing to have done. He will now be subjected to the normal club discipline. "He is a competitive player but a fair player and I know how upset he is by what has happened. However, I must say that I do still believe the Chelsea player in question did go down too easily." Speaking immediately after the game, Moyes said: "I don't think it was a sending-off, I have been a centre-half in my time and I would have been ashamed to have gone down as easily as that.  "Not in a million years would John Terry have gone down in the same way. I have never heard of anybody butting somebody from behind while you are running after them. "What has happened to big, strong centre-halves? I thought it was a push initially and I still don't think it was a sending-off." An angry Beattie initially said: "He (Gallas) would have stayed down a lot longer if I had headbutted him. "I can tell you it wasn't an intentional headbutt. We were chasing a ball into the corner and William Gallas was looking over his shoulder and blocking me off. "He was stopping as we were running and I said to myself 'if you're going to stay in my way I'll go straight over you'. Our heads barely touched and it wasn't an intentional headbutt." 

Wenger offers Mutu hope  Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger would consider signing Adrian Mutu once the striker has served his drugs ban.  Mutu was sacked by Chelsea on Friday after testing positive for cocaine - a move Wenger has backed. But he said: "I don't even wonder if that could happen because I think he will be suspended for a long period. "But once he has served his suspension, he has the right again to start from zero. I would then meet the player and see what he tells me." Mutu faces a ban of between six months and two years when the Football Association decides on his punishment. Chelsea decided to act before his case was heard and sacked the striker on grounds of gross misconduct after it was revealed that he had failed a drug test.  But Mutu has hit out at the club's decision, saying: "Chelsea have destroyed me." He told the Sunday Mirror: "I don't know what I'm going to do. I am shocked and surprised by their decision. "I didn't expect them to pay me while I was suspended but I never thought they would sack me either. "Why didn't they wait to do this? Now my career is in ruins. "I might as well walk away from football. What is there left for me?"  Chelsea have been criticised for their stance, with the Professional Footballers' Association accusing the club of failing in their duty of care to the player. And Mutu agreed, adding: "It is unfair. If they were going to sack me they should have done it afterwards. "Why did they go public? To make an example of me? It makes it very difficult for me now." 

Wenger refuses to give up title  Arsene Wenger refused to concede the title, despite Arsenal falling seven points behind Chelsea after their 1-1 draw with Manchester City at Highbury.  He said: "We have to believe we can come back and give everything in every game. For us to give up and say Chelsea have won it would be criminal. "I am very concerned because we have never been so far behind and Chelsea do not look like dropping seven points. "But we will still give our best until the end of the season." Wenger blamed his side's mounting injury list, with Sol Campbell and Dennis Bergkamp among those unavailable, for the failure to beat City. "We were too inexperienced," he added. "That doesn't take anything away from the qualities of the team who played well when they settled. "We over played a little in our half in the first half and got caught. "But the mental qualities in the second half were outstanding. We had chance after chance and I feel sorry for the team, we should have got three points." The Gunners took to the field with youngsters Justin Hoyte, Philippe Senderos and Robin van Persie standing in for first-team regulars. But Wenger reiterated his intention to stay out of the transfer market and maintained his team will continue to push Chelsea all the way at the top of the table. "We will fight for our championship," he added. "Sometimes you have a draw like that. Do you want me to say it's over? I won't say that. All we can do is try to win our games and we won't give up." Arsenal found support in their attempts to overhaul the seven-point gap to Chelsea from City boss Kevin Keegan. "I still think Arsenal will be the champions, even though it doesn't look that way at the moment," he said. "Six or seven points is not enough when you've got quality sides around you and Arsenal could go on a run of 30 or 40 games again - they're an amazing side." 

Minister digs in over doping row  The Belgian sports minister at the centre of the Svetlana Kuznetsova doping row says he will not apologise for making allegations against her.  Claude Eerdekens claims the US Open champion tested positive for ephedrine at an exhibition event last month. Criticised for making the announcement, he said: "I will never apologise. This product is banned and it's up to her to explain why it's there." Kuznetsova says the stimulant may have been in a cold remedy she took. The Russian said she did nothing wrong by taking the medicine during the event. The Women's Tennis Association cleared Kuznetsova of any offence because the drug is not banned when taken out of competition.  Eerdekens said he made the statement in order to protect the other three players that took part in the tournament, Belgian Justine Henin-Hardenne, Nathalie Dechy of France and Russia's Elena Dementieva. But Dechy is fuming that she has been implicated in the row. "How can you be happy when you see your face on the cover page and talking about doping?" Dechy said. "I'm really upset about it and I think the Belgian government did a really bad job about this. "I think we deserve an apology from the guy. You cannot say anything like this - you cannot say some stuff like this, saying it's one of these girls. This is terrible." Dementieva is also angry and says that Dechy and herself are the real victims of the scandal. "You have no idea what I have been through all these days. It's been too hard on me," she said. "The WTA are trying to handle this problem by saying there are three victims, but I see only two victims in this story - me and Nathalie Dechy, who really have nothing to do with this. "To be honest with you, I don't feel like I want to talk to Sveta at all. I'm just very upset with the way everything has happened." 

Greek pair attend drugs hearing  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou have appeared before an independent tribunal which will decide if their bans should stand.  They were given provisional suspensions by athletics' ruling body the IAAF in December for failing to take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics. The pair arrived with former coach Christos Tzekos to give evidence at the Hellenic Olympic Committee's offices. A decision is expected to be announced before the end of February. Whatever the ruling, all parties will have the right to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. Yiannis Papadoyiannakis, who was head of the Greek Olympic team at the Athens Games last year, also testified at the tribunal, along with other Greek sports officials and athletes. "I believe the tribunal will reach a decision that will uphold the standing of the institution," said Papadoyiannakis. "Whatever the athletes have done, we must not forget that they have offered us great moments." Kenteris won 200m gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics, while Thanou won silver in the 100m.  They withdrew from the Athens Games last August after missing drugs tests on the eve of the opening ceremony. The pair spent four days in a hospital, claiming they had been injured in a motorcycle crash. The five-member tribunal, assembled by the Hellenic Association of Amateur Athletics, is also examining allegations that Kenteris and Thanou avoided tests in Tel Aviv and Chicago before the Games. Tzekos was also banned for two years by the IAAF. He faces charges of assisting in the use of prohibited substances and tampering with the doping inspection process. All three, who have repeatedly denied the allegations, have also been charged by a Greek prosecutor and face trial for doping-related charges. A trial date has not been set. In imposing two-year suspensions on the duo on 22 December, the IAAF described their explanations for missing the tests as "unacceptable". But Kenteris' lawyer Gregory Ioannidis told BBC Sport earlier this week he was confident the sprinters would be cleared of the charges of failing to give information on their location and refusing to submit to testing. "We refute both charges as unsubstantiated and illogical," he said. "There have been certain breaches in the correct application of the rules on behalf of the sporting authorities and their officials, and these procedural breaches have also violated my client's rights. "There is also evidence that proves the fact that my client has been persecuted." 

Pakistan on revenge mission  Pakistan's cricketers depart for Delhi on Monday with captain Inzamam-ul-Haq beseeching his side to make up for the 2004 defeat to India on home soil.  India outplayed Pakistan 12 months ago, beating them 2-1 in the Tests and 3-2 in the one-day internationals. Inzamam said ahead of Pakistan's first full tour of India for six years: "We want to make amends for last year. "The Australian tour was a big learning experience and I think we are in a position to reap benefits in India." Series between India and Pakistan are always eagerly awaited, largely because politics often restrict the amount of cricket the two teams can play against each other. This particular engagement, which will include three Tests and six one-dayers, was twice threatened. The schedule has already been put back four days over a dispute which centred on Pakistan's refusal to play the second Test in Ahmedabad.  The first Test in Mohali will now get under way on 8 March. Then, following a protracted row over television rights, the Madras High Court issued interim orders to ensure the matches would be broadcast live by state=owned channel Doordarshan. After the 2004 series between the two sides, Pakistan sacked their coach Javed Miandad. Inzamam believes his replacement, Bob Woolmer, has improved the side even if a string of positive results have not yet come. He said: "A lot has changed since that series. Woolmer has helped change the attitude of the boys which is more positive and professional and I think they can take the pressure of playing in India." Pakistan will be without strike bowler Shoaib Akhtar (hamstring), leaving recalled off-spinner Arshad Khan and leg-spinner Danish Kaneria with much work to do. Inzamam said: "Shoaib's absence will be felt. But our strength is playing as a unit. "[Khan and Kaneria] have a big role to play in India. They are the ones on whom we will be depending a lot in the Test matches. "We are expecting slow, turning tracks and we have been practicing for such conditions." Pakistan's first match is a three-day warm-up against the Indian Board President's XI in Dharamsala from March 3.  Salman Butt, Yasir Hameed, Taufeeq Umar, Younis Khan, Inzamam-ul-Haq (captain), Yousuf Youhana, Asim Kamal, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Abdul Razzaq, Shoaib Malik, Shahid Afridi, Arshad Khan, Danish Kaneria, Muhammad Sami, Rana Naved, Muhammad Khalil. 

England stutter to Zimbabwe win  First one-day international, Harare: England 196-5 (47.4 overs) beat Zimbabwe 195 all out (49.3 overs) by five wickets  After choosing to bowl, they dismissed the home side for 195, Darren Gough with 3-34, Elton Chigumbura making 52. The 18-year-old shared a stand of 82 in 13.3 overs with Dion Ebrahim (45). Michael Vaughan made an attractive 56 and debutant Ian Bell 77 but late wickets created tension before victory was sealed with 14 balls left.  Vaughan chose to open his attack with Gough and James Anderson, but both found it difficult to attain a good line in the early stages. Anderson conceded three wides in the eighth over and both openers had recorded boundaries when, in the ninth over, a slower ball from Gough accounted for Stuart Matsikenyeri with the score on 36. Two overs later Alex Wharf picked up a fortuitous wicket with his fifth delivery when Brendan Taylor dragged a wide one onto the timbers.  A far more dangerous delivery accounted for Vusi Sibanda, who was unable to keep out a rising ball. The hosts had a brief period of consolidation only to ruin it with a run-out as Mark Vermeulen was left short of his ground by a direct throw from Andrew Strauss. When Tatenda Taibu became the third batsmen to drag on, something special was required, and briefly it came from Chigumbura. The lissome right-hander launched a series of clean, straight-bladed shots, hammering six fours and a magnificent straight six off Wharf in his 56-minute innings. Ebrahim was beaten in the flight by Ashley Giles, then in the next over Chigumbura went for one lofted drive too many and was caught deep in the covers.  A crowd of around 3,000 had been delighted with his efforts, but when he departed at 172-7 there was little else from the tail, Gough wrapping up the innings with a yorker in the final over. England's reply began smoothly until Vikram Solanki mis-timed a drive that looped to mid-off for seven. Vaughan gradually unveiled some trademark strokes of classic nature in a 75-ball innings featuring five fours and a six. He departed in the 30th over with 64 still needed, caught at deep midwicket by Chigumbura, who in the same position had spilled a chance offered by Bell four overs earlier. Andrew Strauss was soon back in the pavilion, offering a simple return catch to Matsikenyeri to leave England 146-3.  Having seemed set to guide his team home, Bell's composed innings ended 26 runs short of the victory target when he edged his 115th delivery to Taibu. Paul Collingwood needlessly pressed for a second run and fell to sharp throw from Utseya at leg gully, then next ball Geraint Jones almost joined him after hesitation with Kevin Pietersen. The debutant was content to edge England home in conservative fashion, but won it with his only boundary straight down the ground, as the tourists finally secured their ninth successive win over Zimbabwe.  

Wilkinson to miss Ireland match  England will have to take on Ireland in the Six Nations without captain and goal-kicker Jonny Wilkinson, according to his Newcastle boss Rob Andrew.  Wilkinson - who had targeted the 27 February match for his international comeback - has been missed by England, not least for his goal-kicking. "Jonny's not fit yet," Falcons chief Andrew told BBC Radio Five Live. "He won't be fit for Dublin, there's no doubt about that, but he might be fit for Scotland and Italy." The 25-year-old has not played for England since the 2003 World Cup final after a succession of injuries. England, who have lost three Six Nations games in a row, wasted a 17-6 half-time lead in their 18-17 defeat to France. Goal-kickers Charlie Hodgson and Olly Barkley missed six penalty attempts and a drop-goal between them. "They've probably got two of the best English kickers in the Premiership in Hodgson and Barkley," added Andrew, a former England fly-half and goal-kicker.  "They're both pretty good kickers. Charlie is a good kicker week-in, week-out. "But it's all about pressure and unfortunately England are just not handling the pressure at the moment." Andrew also blamed England's poor run of recent results on a lack of leadership in the side following several high-profile retirements and injuries. "They just didn't have that leadership that would have seen them through. Martin Johnson, Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny are obviously huge losses and leadership is so important in those situations," he said. "I think it is really difficult for Jason Robinson to lead the side effectively from full-back." Meanwhile, former England full-back Dusty Hare put England's mistakes down to a lack of mental toughness.  "Jonny Wilkinson has proved himself a cool customer with around an 80% kicking success rate," Hare told BBC Radio Five Live. "But natural-born toughness comes into it as well as all the practice you do. "You have to be able to shut out all the outside elements and concentrate on putting the ball between the posts." Hodgson, who has an excellent kicking record with club side Sale Sharks, has introduced crowd noise into his practice routine of late. "The top golfers don't hit the fairway every time, and it is the same with goal-kicking," Hare added. "You need that mental toughness as well to put the ball over, but great goal-kickers like Jonny Wilkinson come along very rarely." 

Bangladesh delighted at Test win  Bangladeshi players and fans celebrated after the side's historic first Test victory, over Zimbabwe in Chittagong.  Thousands of fans, armed with drums and flags, ran into the streets in the capital Dhaka within minutes of the end of the game, halting traffic. "It's the best day in my life. I won't forget the day I was a member of Bangladesh's winning team. "I don't want to remember those hard days, I only want to think about the victory," said captain Habibul Bashar. Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed, Prime Minister Khaleda Zia and opposition leader Sheikh Hasina have all congratulated the team. The win by 226 runs in Chittagong was Bangladesh's first Test win at their 35th attempt since being granted Test status in 2000. Bangladesh managed three draws in their previous 34 matches - two of them against Zimbabwe and one against West Indies. Bangladesh coach Dav Whatmore described the victory as "a wonderful feeling". "You can see the joy and the relief of lots of other people," Whatmore told BBC World Service. "We've taken our share of hammerings in the last year and a half and, putting this win in perspective, there's probably a few more down the track. "But I sense there's a bit more self-belief when they come to play tougher opposition."  Whatmore led Sri Lanka to victory in the 1996 World Cup and said this could not compare. But he continued: "It was important for the whole country that the sport of cricket stand up and show that we're progressing. "There's been a lot of frustration for a long time here in Bangladesh that the team is not pushing the opposition enough." The former Australia Test batsman played down the status of Zimbabwe, whose weakened side have just returned from a seven-month suspension of their Test status. "Yes, our opponents are ranked pretty much near us at the moment so right from the outset that would suggest we had a chance of winning," he added. "But to actually go out there and do it is another matter." Zimbabwe captain Tatenda Taibu, who had made 92 in the first innings, but was dismissed for a duck in the second, was disappointed with the performance. "There was some bad cricket on our side and good cricket by the Bangladeshis," he said. "Our top order batsmen didn't come to the party and we dropped about four to five catches." The second and final Test of the series against Zimbabwe begins on Friday in Dhaka. 

Collins named UK Athletics chief  UK Athletics has ended its search for a new performance director by appointing psychologist Dave Collins.  Collins, who worked with the British teams at the 2000 and 2004 Olympics, takes over from Max Jones. Six candidates were interviewed for the job, including Denise Lewis' coach Charles van Commenee and former British triple jumper Keith Connor. "We've searched long and hard to ensure we have found the right person," said UKA chief executive David Moorcroft. "We have thoroughly tested the candidates. I believe David will make a great leader and I have great faith in what he will achieve." Collins said: "It's a great challenge. Over the next few months I will spend time listening to those who already make a significant contribution to athletics and other elite sports in the UK." Collins, who has worked with javelin thrower Steve Backley in the past, started his career as a Royal Marine before becoming a PE teacher. He is currently professor of physical education and sport performance at Edinburgh University, where he helps competitors across many sports, including rugby, athletics, judo and football.  He has specialised in helping competitors fulfil their potential through psychology and has worked with the Great Britain women's curling team, who won gold at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Mark Lewis-Francis sought Collins' advice in Athens when he was looking for inspiration before he ran the final leg of Britain's surprise triumph in the 4x100m relay. Collins has played rugby at regional level, was captain of the Great Britain American Football team, and competed at national level in judo and karate. He arrives with British athletics at a crossroads. Despite Kelly Holmes' golden double and the success of the sprint relay squad, the GB team failed to live up to expectations in Athens. Many older competitors have retired or are coming to the end of their careers, and Britain failed to win a single medal at the world junior championships in Italy this year. Collins will not have day-to-day coaching contact with the athletes, but will be expected to make changes to the system and coaching set-up in order to secure medals at the Beijing Olympics in 2008. The appointment of a new performance director was one of the main recommendations in Sir Andrew Foster's review of the sport, which was published in May. It was commissioned by UK Sport and Sport England, which wanted UK Athletics to justify funding of more than £40m from the Government following the failure to hang on to the 2005 World Championships, which are now being held in Helsinki. Van Commenee dropped out of the selection process to take on the same role with the Dutch Olympic Committee, while Connor's application was rejected after an arduous interview process. Foster, however, declared himself satisfied with how the appointment was made. "The appointment of David Collins, with his strong mix of leadership skills and managerial experience, is testament to the professional and detailed recruitment process," he said. 

Hewitt overcomes wobble in Sydney  Lleyton Hewitt gave himself the perfect preparation for next week's Australian Open with victory over Ivo Minar in the final of the Sydney International.  The defending champion brushed aside the Czech qualifier 7-5 6-0. The Australian world number three strolled to the first five games of the match but was shocked as Minar won the next five. The top seed was rattled but recovered to close out the set and raced to victory in exactly an hour. "It was a strange match . . . momentum swings," said Hewitt. "I felt like I came out of the blocks extremely well, but then he loosened up a bit. "When he got back to 5-5, I had to try to settle down and take it up a notch, and I was able to do that."  Hewitt has now lifted the Sydney title four times in the last six years. "It just keeps getting better and better every year," Hewitt said. "I've only played this tournament four times and I've won it four times." Hewitt went into the final as a short-priced favourite to clinch his 24th career title after dropping only one set all week. He is set to meet Frenchman Arnaud Clement in the first round of the Australian Open. Minar, ranked 158th in the world, was forced to pull out of the Australian Open qualifying draw to play in his first ATP final. "For me, this was a big success," said the 20-year-old. "I was so nervous last night I couldn't sleep. I've never played a top-10 player before. "I wanted to play qualifying in Melbourne, but it's Saturday and I'm still here. But this is a main draw and I need the points and the money." Alicia Molik takes on Samantha Stosur in an all-Australian women's final later on Saturday. 

Boycott slams 'chucking' plan  Geoff Boycott has condemned the International Cricket Council's proposal to relax rules on chucking.  The former England batsman said the move was made to benefit Sri Lanka spinner Muttiah Muralitharan, whose "doosra" ball could soon be legal. "I think it's been brought in through pressure from Sri Lanka and Murali's supporters," Boycott told BBC Sport. "It's a sad day for cricket that this pressure can allow Muralitharan to bowl whatever he wants." A 15-degree flexing of the arm will be permitted following an extensive research programme conducted by biomechanics experts. Previously, only 10 degrees for fast bowlers and five degrees for spinners were permitted. Murali's arm was measured at 14 degrees while bowling his "doosra" prior to the delivery's banning.  Sri Lanka Cricket said such accusations were wide of the mark, and that the rule change would be made to benefit all bowlers. "It is a bit unfair," a spokesman told BBC Sport. "We have always said that many things need to be considered but we have never pressured the ICC and the decision is not only for Murali - it is for all." "We are very happy about it as it means Murali will be able bowl his 'doosra'. "Sri Lanka Cricket appreciates it very much and we thank the ICC for making such a decision." The ICC Executive will be asked to ratify the recommendations made by a panel comprising Aravinda de Silva, Angus Fraser, Michael Holding, Tony Lewis, Tim May and the ICC's own David Richardson. The panel met in Dubai and studied video evidence of bowlers as well as hearing the opinions of the three biomechanical experts.  "The scientific evidence is overwhelming," Holding said. "When bowlers who to the naked eye look to have pure actions are thoroughly analysed with the sophisticated technology now in place, they are likely to be shown as straightening their arm by 11 and in some cases 12 degrees. "Under a strict interpretation of the law, these players are breaking the rules. "The game needs to deal with this reality and make its judgment as to how it accommodates this fact." De Silva tipped fellow Sri Lankan Murali, the second-highest Test wicket-taker with 532 victims, to raise the bar even higher. "He has so much cricket left in him that I have little doubt that Murali will reach the 700-wicket mark in Test cricket," he said. "The ICC has done the right thing and he can go ahead with his usual repertoire of bowling. "I am glad for Murali, who will be a relieved man now." 

Merritt close to indoor 400m mark  Teenager LaShawn Merritt ran the third fastest indoor 400m of all time at the Fayetteville Invitational meeting.  The world junior champion clocked 44.93 seconds to finish well clear of fellow American Bershawn Jackson in Arkansas. Only Michael Johnson has gone quicker, setting the world record of 44.63secs in 1995 and running 44.66secs in 1996. Kenyan Bernard Lagat missed out on the world record by 1.45secs as he ran the third quickest indoor mile ever to beat Canada's Nate Brannen by almost 10secs. The Olympic silver medallist's time of three minutes 49.89secs was inferior only to the 1997 world record of Moroccan Hicham El Guerrouj and former world record holder Eamonn Coghlan of Ireland's 3:49.78. Lagat was on course to break El Guerrouj's record through 1200m but could not maintain the pace over the final 400m. Ireland's  continued his excellent form by winning a tight 3,000m in 7:40.53. Cragg, who recently defeated Olympic 10,000m champion Kenenisa Bekele in Boston, held off Bekele's Ethiopian colleague Markos Geneti by only 0.19secs to secure his victory. Mark Carroll, who will join Cragg in the European Indoor Championships next month, finished a solid third in 7:46.78. Olympic 200m gold medallist  of Jamaica ran the fastest women's 60m in the world this year as she equalled her personal best of 7.09secs. World indoor 60m hurdles champion  also won, improving his season-leading time to 7.51secs. 

Australia return to winning ways  Second one-day international, Sydney: Australia 261-7 (50 overs) beat New Zealand 244 (47.1 overs) by 17 runs  Adam Gilchrist (60) and Darren Lehmann (52) played the leading roles as the home side totalled 261-7. New Zealand crumbled to 86-6 in reply but Chris Cairns hit 50 off 40 balls and Kyle Mills and Daniel Vettori put on 70 to keep their side in the hunt. But they were eventually all out for 244 and the three-match series will now be decided in Brisbane on Friday. The game came to an end at the start of the 48th over when Chris Harris, who bravely came out to bat in his 250th one-day game despite a shoulder injury, was bowled by a yorker from Glenn McGrath. Mills was left high and dry on 44 not out after a magnificent 26-ball innings, featuring four big sixes. There were plenty of anxious faces among the Australian fans during his ninth wicket stand with Vettori (33), who was finally run out by Ricky Ponting's underarm throw. Home skipper Ponting had earlier chosen to bat after winning the toss and was rewarded as Adam Gilchrist took the attack to the New Zealand seamers. He struck a six and eight fours to reach his half century off only 37 deliveries, before perishing for 60 in cavalier fashion as a pull shot off Scott Styris was caught by Nathan Astle at deep square leg.  Ponting maintained the tempo with a quickfire 32 but his exit, caught at mid-off from the bowling of Mills, sparked a slump which saw Australia decline from 140-2 to 161-6. Matthew Hayden (43) was run out by Mathew Sinclair, Damien Martyn was lbw to Mills for five and Andrew Symonds faced only two balls before he was trapped in front by Vettori. Michael Clarke was next to go for six when he edged a ball from Chris Cairns to keeper Brendon McCullum. But Darren Lehmann and Brad Hogg prevented the innings from going into freefall, adding 74 in 17 overs for the seventh wicket. Lehmann was run out, leaving Hogg (41 not out) and Brett Lee (10 not out) to see the total past 250 to leave the Kiwis facing a tough target.  They made a poor start as Astle was caught behind off Brett Lee for 11 and Sinclair fell victim to Jason Gillespie for 17, with Matthew Hayden taking the catch. Captain Stephen Fleming fell lbw for 34 to left-arm spinner Hogg, who proved the most successful Australian bowler with figures of 3-45. The middle order followed in quick succession and it looked like the home side would wrap things up in double quick time. Cairns counter attacked with two sixes and four fours before Gillespie brought his innings to an end, leaving Mills and Vettori to try and secure an unlikely victory. The required rate came down to a run per ball thanks to Mills' big-hitting exploits, but Harris was greeted by a short-pitched ball aimed at his chest and a ferocious full toss from Lee after Vettori had been dismissed. The veteran, whose suffered a torn rotator cuff while fielding earlier in the game, collected four singles but his gallantry was in vain as McGrath produced the perfect delivery to bring the game to an end.  M Hayden, A Gilchrist (wkt), R Ponting (capt), D Lehmann, D Martyn, A Symonds, M Clarke, B Hogg, J Gillespie, B Lee, G McGrath.  S Fleming (capt), N Astle, M Sinclair, S Styris, H Marshall, J Oram, C Cairns, C Harris, B McCullum (wkt), D Vettori, K Mills. 

Irish finish with home game  Republic of Ireland manager Brian Kerr has been granted his wish for a home game as the final World Cup qualifier.  Ireland will close their bid to reach the 2006 finals by playing Switzerland in Dublin on 12 October 2005. The Republic met the Swiss in their final Euro 2004 qualifier, losing 2-0 away and missing out on a place in the finals in Portugal. The Group Four fixtures were hammered out at a meeting in Dublin on Tuesday. The Irish open their campaign on 4 September at home to Cyprus and wrap up the 10-match series on 12 October 2005, with the visit of Switzerland. Manager Brian Kerr and FAI officials met representatives from Switzerland, France, Cyprus, Israel and the Faroe Islands to arrange the fixture schedule. Kerr had hoped to finish with a clash against France, but got the reigning European champions as their penultimate home match on 7 September 2005. The manager got his wish to avoid a repeat of finishing their bid to qualify with too many away matches.  Republic of Ireland v Cyprus; France v Israel; Switzerland v Faroe Islands.  Switzerland v Republic of Ireland; Israel v Cyprus; Faroe Islands v France.  France v Republic of Ireland; Israel v Switzerland; Cyprus v Faroe Islands.  Republic of Ireland v Faroe Islands; Cyprus v France.  Cyprus v Israel.  France v Switzerland; Israel v Republic of Ireland.  Switzerland v Cyprus; Israel v France.  Republic of Ireland v Israel; Faroe Islands v Switzerland.  Faroe Islands v Republic of Ireland. August 17 - Faroe Islands v Cyprus.  France v Faroe Islands; Switzerland v Israel.  Republic of Ireland v France; Cyprus v Switzerland; Faroe Islands v Israel.  Switzerland v France; Israel v Faroe Islands; Cyprus v Republic of Ireland.  France v Cyprus; Republic of Ireland v Switzerland. 

McIlroy aiming for Madrid title  Northern Ireland man James McIlroy is confident he can win his first major title at this weekend's Spar European Indoor Championships in Madrid.  The 28-year-old has been in great form in recent weeks and will go in as one of the 800 metres favourites. "I believe after my wins abroad and in our trial race in Sheffield, I can run my race from the front, back or middle," said McIlroy. New coach Tony Lester has helped get McIlroy's career back on track. The 28-year-old 800 metres runner has not always matched his promise with performances but believes his decision to change coaches and move base will bring the rewards. McIlroy now lives in Windsor and feels his career has been transformed by the no-nonsense leadership style of former Army sergeant Lester. Lester is better known for his work with 400m runners Roger Black and Mark Richardson in the past but under his guidance McIlroy has secured five wins this indoor season.  McIlroy now claims he is in his best shape since finishing fourth for Ireland at the outdoor European Championships in 1998. "That was my last decent year," said McIlroy, who temporarily retired last August before returning to the sport under Lester's shrewd guidance. "Before, every race was like trying to climb Mount Everest and I now know you can't do it on your own. "Trying to succeed saw me sometimes standing half-dead and terrified on the starting line, which became a bit too much." McIlroy, who was compared to the likes of Sebastian Coe, Steve Cram and Steve Ovett in his younger days, is now competing without the benefit of National Lottery funding. That situation could change if he maintains his current form and repeats the world-class times he produced in the 800m and 1000m at major races in Erfurt and Stuttgart earlier this season. Russian Dmitriy Bogdanov won at the same Madrid venue last week and then claimed the European Championship race would be between himself, Dutchman Arnoud Okken and Antonio Reina of Spain but McIlroy is unfazed.  He admitted: "He looked quite good in his win and fair enough everyone has the right to their own opinion. "I never write myself off and let's face it, I haven't or looked like being beaten this season." And McIlroy, whose time of one minute 46.68seconds in Erfurt elevated him to sixth place on the UK All-Time list, is also already looking beyond Madrid. He said: "I've been much more focused this year about my career and having such a good team around me has been very important. "Ultimately of course, this weekend is a means to an end and that is getting prepared for the summer's world championships. "That ambition has meant that I've had only two nights out since last August. The rest of my time has seen me just concentrating on rebuilding my career." 

Australia dominate India  Third Test, Nagpur, day two (stumps): Australia 398 v India 146-5  The home side closed on 146-5, 252 runs in arrears and still 53 short of avoiding the follow-on. Glenn McGrath, playing in his 100th Test, took 2-18 in 20 overs as Mohammad Kaif (47 not out) propped up an innings that crawled at two runs per over. Australia were earlier dismissed for 398, with Michael Clarke falling to Zaheer Khan (4-95) nine short of a ton. India did not take long in wrapping up Australia's innings at the start of the day, claiming the three remaining overnight wickets for 36 runs. Jason Gillespie, lbw to Zaheer, and Kasprowicz, bowled by Agit Agarkar, both fell cheaply, leaving McGrath as Clarke's last hope of a second Test century. The veteran enjoyed his stay at the crease with two hooked boundaries, and in the end it was he who remained unbeaten when Clarke edged behind to end an entertaining knock that included 13 boundaries.  India were given a typically blustery start by Virender Sehwag, who took four boundaries off Gillespie's first over. It forced skipper Adam Gilchrist to protect the boundary with a sweeper after just five overs, but having forced Australia on the defensive Sehwag soon gave his wicket away. Flashing hard at McGrath, the opener became the Aussie paceman's 447th victim when edging into the gloves of the athletic Gilchrist, diving high to his right. Gillespie, belted out of the attack by Sehwag, returned from the other end and struck immediately to have Aakash Chopra caught by Warne at slip for eight.  It left India 35-2 at lunch, and a very quiet period followed the interval as Rahul Dravid and the returning Sachin Tendulkar tried to block India to parity. The pair put on 15 runs in one ball shy of 13 dawdling overs before Tendulkar was trapped in front of stumps by Gillespie (2-47) for eight. The grassy Nagpur pitch meant Shane Warne's introduction was delayed until the 36th over, but two balls were all it took for the Test cricket's leading wicket-taker to add to his tally. In having VVS Laxman caught by Clarke in gully, Warne ousted him for the third time this series and reduced India to a perilous 75-4 in the process. Dravid's stay at the crease was a lengthy one but largely unproductive, and after consuming 140 balls for 21 runs he edged McGrath to slip. It was a predictable end after the veteran paceman had worked India's stand-in skipper over with an array of balls which leapt off the seam on a pitch more akin to Australian grounds.  At 103-5 India looked vulnerable, but Kaif and Parthiv Patel - fresh from their century stand in the second Test - showed heart in the fading light. It was not plain sailing for Kaif - a spurned run-out chance and a catch off a no-ball offered two reprieves - but he grew into his task and even managed a six off Warne over long-off. Although India's sixth wicket offered the home side hope, Australia were in a strong position to push for the victory that would award them a first series victory in India for 35 years.  A Chopra, V Sehwag, R Dravid (Capt), S R Tendulkar V V S Laxman, M Kaif, P A Patel (Wkt), A B Agarkar, A Kumble M Kartik, Z Khan.  M L Hayden, J L Langer, S M Katich, D R Martyn D S Lehmann, M J Clarke, A C Gilchrist (Capt, Wkt), S K Warne M S Kasprowicz, J N Gillespie, G D McGrath.  Aleem Dar, D R Shepherd. 

Benitez delight after crucial win  Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez admitted victory against Deportivo La Coruna was vital in their tight Champions League group.  Jorge Andrade's early own goal gave Liverpool a 1-0 win. And Benitez said: "We started at a very high tempo and had many chances. It is a very important win for us and we could have scored more goals. "We were very good defensively and also good on the counter attack. We are pleased but move on to the next game." Igor Biscan was outstanding in midfield after replacing injured Xabi Alonso, and Benitez said: "He played very well. "It is important to have all the players ready and a good squad so you can play more games at a high level." Benitez added: "It is all back in our own hands now, it was a great win for us and I was delighted with what I feel was the best Liverpool I have seen. "As far as my feelings about winning in Spain, that is really not important. "I want to see us win away matches in the Champions League, that it was in Spain was not my first consideration. "As far as I am concerned it is important for Liverpool to win, it is not important in what country it is in." Benitez added: Benitez said: "We had a problem before the start, it was decided that Xabi could not play more than 45 minutes. "But in the end because of the way that (Dietmar) Hamann and (Igor) Biscan performed, we did not need to change things until right at the end of the match. "Depor are a good team and if you allow them to keep possession they can be very dangerous indeed. "But we knew that if we hit them on the counter-attack it would make them nervous, and that is how it worked out." Deportivo coach Javier Irureta said: "Liverpool played very well and we just could not break them down. "I know we have now gone six games at home in Europe without scoring, but that does not reflect our overall performances. "But this time we did not play well and we lacked imagination. "The goal was a bad mistake and a big blow to our confidence. Players who usually want the ball at that stage did not want it. "I know we are bottom of the group, but as long as there is hope of qualifying, we will hang on to that." 

Pakistan have the edge - Mushtaq  Mushtaq Ahmed believes Pakistan are on the verge of their first Test series win in India for 18 years.  Imran Khan was the last Pakistan captain to return home victorious, and India are favourites for the three-Test series starting on 8 March. But former Test spinner Mushtaq told BBC Sport: "Pakistan have the advantage because of the confidence they would have gained from playing Australia. "They showed in the one-day series they had learned from their mistakes." After losing the Test series 3-0, Pakistan improved throughout the triangular VB Series, beating Australia in a group game and advancinhg to the finals at the expense of Champions Trophy winners West Indies. "I know Pakistan didn't win," Mushtaq added. "But they had very good games. "The amount of cricket they played against the best team in the world will serve them well in India. "I think they will play with more freedom and I think they have a good chance."  Mushtaq, who took 185 wickets in a 52-Test career for Pakistan, is not concerned about the absence of fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar, who pulled out of the tour with a hamstring injury. "Shoaib Akhtar is a match-winner for sure, but the other bowlers did a great job against Australia," he said. "I think Danish Kaneria will play a big role, as will Mohammad Sami. So, despite Shoaib not being there, I think the Pakistani team looks well balanced." It is a view not shared by former captain Mushtaq Mohammad, who told the Press Trust of India the squad is the "weakest-ever" Pakistan has produced. "The team that visited England in 1978-79 under Wasim Bari was definitely weak, but it was unavoidable as there was ban on cricketers who had signed for Kerry Packer," he said. "I am sorry to say that this Pakistan team looks like a club team to me. "Barring a couple of them, there are no quality batsmen in the side. They have faulty techniques, are too flashy, have no footwork, no temperament and consequently they are inconsistent. "I desperately want my country to do well in India and win the Test series because this series means a lot to the people of Pakistan. "But sadly, cricket is not played with emotions. It is played with talent and skill. "I hope my assessment about the team is incorrect and if they prove me wrong, I will be the happiest man on this planet." 

Classy Henman makes winning start  Tim Henman opened his 2005 campaign with a 6-1 7-5 victory over Argentine David Nalbandian at the Kooyong Classic exhibition tournament on Wednesday.  The British number one will next play Roger Federer at the Australian Open warm-up event on Friday. The world number one beat Gaston Gaudio 5-7 6-1 6-4, before Andre Agassi saw off Chilean Olympic gold medalist Nicolas Massu 6-1 7-6 (7-4). Andy Roddick beat Ivan Ljubicic, who replaced Paradorn Srichaphan, 6-1 6-4. Henman made an impressive start to the year, only faltering against Nalbandian when serving for the match at 5-4. But the Briton regained his composure to win the next two games for only his second win in six matches against the Argentine. "It's a great start to the year - just what I was looking for," Henman told his website. "Over the years I've found David very difficult to play against.  "He returns serve very well and he's deceptively effective from the baseline, so sometimes it can be difficult to execute my gameplan well enough against him to get the right result. "Beating somebody of his stature is always good for the confidence and it bodes well at the beginning of the year." Henman also revealed the extent of the back problems he suffered in the off-season. "I'm not the most flexible and at the end of the year I was pretty exhausted and wanted to have a couple of weeks where I didn't do anything," said Henman. "When I started training again it really, really seized up. As much as I enjoyed the two weeks off I don't think it's so productive." Federer dropped a tight first set against 2004 French Open champion Gaudio, but was content with his game. "It was about getting used to the surface," he said.  "The conditions are much quicker than Doha, my timing was OK, but I could have served better. "All in all I'm happy with the match, and I won it - that's a good sign. Now I have a day off and hopefully play better the next match." Agassi was delighted with victory over Massu in his first match for over two months. "I felt pretty good," said the American. "I liked the way the match played out and, maybe excluding a few second serve returns, I felt like I was doing most things pretty darn well for the first match." 

Taking the highs with the lows  I thought we gave a tremendous performance against Arsenal last week.  And I have to say that anyone who saw our disallowed goal must realise there is no way it should ever have been ruled out. It was interesting to hear the TV pundits ask if it was disallowed because Dennis Bergkamp had been sent off moments before. I was surprised by the number of people who questioned whether the referee was trying to level things out. The major decision, which defeated me really, was the caution given to Cesc Fabregas for his tackle on Nick Montgomery. To me, that should have been a straight red card. Yet all I saw in the papers were accusations that Danny Cullip allegedly stamped on Fabregas. But when I watch it back, I don't see anything wrong there at all. As I've said in the past, you don't seem to get the rub of the green when you're a lower league club in these competitions.  But we have to go into the replay without any fear and that's what will happen come Tuesday. The only thing we can learn from Arsenal's Champions League defeat against Bayern Munich is that we were even worse in our loss at Plymouth. We got beaten 3-0 and never looked like scoring! At least Arsenal got a goal and have a chance of winning at home in the second leg - and they've done that in the past. Whether they'll now want to risk their big stars on Tuesday against us, knowing they need to beat Bayern 2-0 a week later, is debatable. Unfortunately, we have not got a squad big enough to be able to rotate. And we're very thin on the ground for the replay - it looks like we'll be missing three or four of our better players. We don't know if goalkeeper Paddy Kenny will be okay after being carried off against Plymouth, and Cullip will be suspended. However, although the Cup is diverting our attention, the chances are we won't win it.  So the league has to be our priority. An even more important match than the one against Arsenal comes on Saturday when we have to beat the Championship's bottom club Rotherham. And I will be reiterating to my players that we have 14 games left in the league and we have to start winning if we want to be in the play-offs. We've lost four in a row in the league now, but we haven't got time to feel sorry for ourselves. 

Weather worry for Pakistan  Pakistan have voiced concern about the choice of Dharamshala to stage their only warm-up game in India.  Tuesday's practice session had to be cancelled because of rain and the forecast is gloomy until the weekend. They are also worried about a travel schedule which could disrupt practice in Mohali, venue for the first Test. "If we have to go back the same way we came, in two flights, we may not be able to practice on Sunday," said team manager Salim Altaf. "We will get only one day's nets in Mohali." Pakistan are due to begin a three-day game against an Indian Board President's XI at altitude at Dharamshala on Thursday. But the players could only watch the skies from their hotel after an hour-long drive from Kangra airport where they had arrived in two planes because of its short runway. "We are helpless before nature," said Anurag Thakur, president of the local Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association. "Everybody is keeping their fingers crossed," he added.  "We are here to play and do not want to go into the Test series short of match practice. "I wish the rain would go away," said Altaf. Meanwhile, chief selector Wasim Bari is hopeful that Shoaib Akhtar's absence can inspire Mohammad Sami to a new level on the tour. Akhtar will miss the Test series because of hamstring trouble, but is hoping to return for the one-dayers. "He'll be missed and every player needs 25% extra to overcome his loss, but one hopes with the responsibilty, the best in Sami will come out," Bari said.  "They can spring a surprise in India, I think we have a talented side." Bari feels the team is capable of responding favourably to the disappointment of their tour to Australia, which saw them heavily beaten in all three-day Tests, and also lose the final of the triangular one-day series. "Obviously they made some mistakes on their last tour of Australia, but they must capitalise on the lessons they learnt," Bari observed. "Good results will pave the way for the young team to get on the right path and attain more maturity." The tour is Pakistan's first to India since 1999 and they are looking to atone for last year's home defeat by their arch-rivals. The Dalai Lama, who has lived in exile in Dharamshala since fleeing China in 1959, will not inaugurate Thursday's match as originally planned. There were reports that the Pakistan Cricket Board were concerned about his presence because of their country's good relations with China. "The decision has been taken by the Dalai Lama as he didn't want to cause inconvenience to anyone," said his spokesman, Tenzin Takla. 

England eye win after Thorpe ton  Second Test, Durban, day four (close): England: 139 & 570-7d v South Africa 332 & 21-1  Thorpe shared in stands of 114 with Andrew Flintoff (60) and 132 with Geraint Jones (73) after England had lost three for 21 in the morning. The left-hander's 16th Test ton came off 209 balls and included 15 fours. The hosts fell to 21-1 at stumps, with Matthew Hoggard trapping home skipper Graeme Smith lbw for five. To win, South Africa will have to break their own chasing record at the ground, which they set in 2002 when scoring 340 to beat Australia. On day three South Africa waited all day for a wicket, but three came along at once when play resumed on the fourth. Makhaya Ntini was the man to ignite the flame, tempting Andrew Strauss into a dalliance outside the off-stump which was pouched by Martin van Jaarsveld at third slip.  The prolific opener had added only four runs to his overnight 132 when departing. Ntini followed up with the wicket of Michael Vaughan, whose poor run continued when he was cramped up by a short ball and gloved behind for 10, taking his four-innings aggregate this series to 53. Shaun Pollock was doing a fine job tying up his end, and England soon fell to 314-4 when Jacques Kallis put an end to Mark Butcher's painful 70-ball 13. It left the visitors' leading by just 121 with the middle-order exposed, but the lack of depth in South Africa's attack gave England the chance to stabilise. With Graeme Smith forced to rely on support acts Dale Steyn (1-122) and Nicky Boje (1-163), England reasserted thanks to Thorpe and his partnerships with Flintoff and Jones. Flintoff, careful to avoid a pair of ducks, was indecisive early on, edging streakily for four and being struck on the shoulder in one Steyn over. But the all-rounder ended the first session with a full-blooded cover-drive that sent Steyn to the fence, and he carried on in similar vein after the interval. A six off Pollock over long-on was followed by two more off Ntini over square-leg, and Flintoff emulated Thorpe by reaching 50 with a boundary. South Africa's only strike of the afternoon came when Smith offered a long-hop to Flintoff and enticed an edge, which AB de Villiers gloved behind the stumps. England's scoring rate increased when Jones came to the crease, and he complemented Thorpe's grafting approach with some abrasive strokeplay. The keeper blazed 73 off 82 balls, with 10 fours and two sixes, as England chased quick runs prior to the declaration, joining Thorpe in top-edging the hapless Steyn over the keeper's head on numerous occasions. South Africa were forced to place a fielder at long-stop, but the runs continued to flow until Jones holed out at long-on to give Boje his sole strike. Ashley Giles, who will be fit to bowl in day five after suffering back spasms, came out to bat, but his swift removal by Steyn prompted the declaration.  Graeme Smith (captain), Herschelle Gibbs, Jacques Rudolph, Jacques Kallis, Martin van Jaarsveld, Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers, Shaun Pollock, Nicky Boje, Makhaya Ntini, Dale Steyn.  Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Mark Butcher, Michael Vaughan (captain), Graham Thorpe, Andrew Flintoff, Geraint Jones, Ashley Giles, Matthew Hoggard, Simon Jones, Stephen Harmison.  D Hair, S Taufel. 

Scotland take small step into the big time  There was no winner's cheque on offer and no increase in status, just a trip to Sharjah, a shiny trophy and the prestige of being considered the 11th-best team in world cricket.  But Scotland were still celebrating heartily after winning the ICC Intercontinental Cup, beating Kenya and Canada in the final stages in the United Arab Emirates. Men in suits can talk for as long as they like about infrastructure and development pathways, but sport is about winning, and Scotland came through where it mattered. Pace bowler John Blain, who was man of the match in the final after taking seven wickets, fully realised the importance of an innings victory over Canada. "We've been moving on for a number of years now, narrowly missing out on the World Cup but this is the next-best thing," he told BBC Sport. "We've always been confident of what ability we have but it's about getting results." The victory means more than some silverware for the cabinet, however, for a team that appeared in the 1999 World Cup but has not made highlight reels since. The majority of the side are still amateurs and, as Blain pointed out: "It's very difficult for guys to go from the World Cup back to their jobs and keep the standard up."  The International Cricket Council is keen to improve the strength and depth behind the 10 Test-playing nations, and this is just a part of its development programme. Five associate member countries will appear in the 2007 World Cup and the authorities are keen they should provide more than a second-round bye for the bigger sides. Senior coach Bob Woolmer suggested that the three-day format would help hone skills for the limited-overs game. Blain gives the idea the thumbs-up but also believes Scotland's exposure to English county cricket's National League (NCL) has helped. "The guys have come here and played the cricket that they've been playing the last couple of years in the NCL but in a longer version of the game," he said. "They've learned how to be ruthless and go for the victory." With some controversy, this tournament was given first-class status, although only a handful of players - including Blain and Durham's Gavin Hamilton - normally play at that level.  With Kenya lacking 13 players because of a pay dispute and Canada losing World Cup star John Davison to Australian domestic duty, the standard was below county level. However, Blain argued: "I've had seven-wicket hauls in county cricket but this must rate among them - it's international cricket and it's the top of the tree." This win will help strengthen Scotland's claim for full-time one-day international status, saving them from the qualification process. They will have to prove themselves again next April when the ICC Trophy in Ireland will act as a World Cup qualifier but Blain believes consistency is building. "Results are now starting to show. We have a squad of boys who can compete," he continued. "We've got more exposure now and the standard has moved on fantastically, which will stand us in good stead when we go on to the qualifiers." The Intercontinental Cup is not an end in itself but a significant milestone along the way. 

McCall earns Tannadice reprieve  Dundee United manager Ian McCall has won a reprieve from the sack, with chairman Eddie Thompson calling for an end to speculation over his future.  It is understood that McCall would have been sacked if Sheffield Wednesday manager Paul Sturrock had been willing to return to Tannadice. But Sturrock has distanced himself from the position. "We're in a difficult situation. We must get out of it through the efforts of current personnel," said Thompson. "Ian McCall and I have had a long and detailed talk about a number of areas including the current league position and the manner of the exit from the League Cup," he added. "However, the continuing speculation is doing no one any good, especially as we have several crucial games coming up. "The minds of the coaching staff and the players have to be on those games and those games only. "Our season would of course improve considerably if in the next few weeks we achieved some improved league results and there is also the potential of another cup semi-final, subject to the draw.  "All that matters at the present time - is us all having a total focus on the games ahead and a positive series of results being achieved." Dundee United players had expressed their solidarity with McCall after their side's 3-0 Scottish Cup win over Queen of the South. "We want the boss to stay, we don't want someone else coming in," said Jim McIntyre. "Hopefully now he gets the chance to stay." Keeper Tony Bullock echoed McIntyre's sentiments. "I think all the boys are behind Ian McCall," he added. "At the moment it is all speculation and we have got to rise above all that and do a job on the pitch."  On Saturday, Sturrock insisted that he had unfinished business with Wednesday, who are fourth in League One. "I've only been here five months and I don't expect to be leaving very, very soon," he said. "I can appreciate the rumours because I've emphasised my thoughts and ambitions to go back to Dundee United. "I can assure you the timescale is not the right one. "It (Dundee United) is my team. I had five years there as a coach, six as a player, two years as a manager - once you've done that kind of thing, it's the result you look for. "The important thing now is I've come here to do a job and I'm going to try to finish it." 

South Africa far too strong again  Second one-day international, Durban South Africa 329-6 beat Zimbabwe 198-7 by 131 runs  South Africa lead three-match series 2-0  Smith's 117 set up the best total at Durban in 25 one-day internationals. He was given fine support by Herschelle Gibbs - they added 134 before Justin Kemp hit 53 not out off just 21 balls. Zimbabwe finished on 198-7 to lose by 131 runs with Barney Rogers (47) the top-scorer. South Africa lead the series 2-0 with just one to play. Rogers put on 71 for the first wicket with Stuart Matsikenyeri. But their partnership soaked up 17.3 overs - Matsikenyeri labouring for 79 minutes over his innings of 16 before offering a catch off the bowling of Albie Morkel.  The same bowler struck soon afterwards as Rogers clipped a fullish delivery to wide mid-on. Nicky Boje and Adam Bacher each took a brace of wickets as the middle order simply played for pride. And it was telling that Bacher, whose military medium pace was not even experimented with against England, finished with 2-36 off a full allotment of 10 overs. Zimbabwe had won the toss at the start of the day and did well with the ball early on, reducing the South Africans to 67-3 in the 15th over. But Smith and Gibbs, who so often form a powerful partnership in both Tests and one-day internationals, were not backwards in coming forward, launching a barrage of boundaries off the spinners. Zimbabwe were hampered when strike bowler Tinashe Panyangara left the field in his fourth over with a back strain.  The spinners had to do plenty of work as a result and one of them, Prosper Utseya, went for 60 in six overs. Gibbs took a particular liking to him before eventually falling to Rogers for 75 off 73 balls. Seam bowler Christopher Mpofu took 3-59 in his nine overs. He was impressive in the main but had to bowl the final over of the innings, which disappeared for 17 as Justin Kemp equalled the fastest half-century by a South African. He hit two fours and five towering sixes in a brutal display of hitting. Afterwards, Kemp said he knew nothing about the record. "I had no idea," he admitted. "I was just thinking about smashing every ball for six."  Graeme Smith (captain), Adam Bacher, Jacques Rudolph, Herschelle Gibbs, Ashwell Prince, Justin Kemp, Mark Boucher, Albie Morkel, Nicky Boje, Andrew Hall, Charl Langeveldt.  Stuart Matsikenyeri, Barney Rogers, Hamilton Masakadza, Alester Maregwede, Brendan Taylor, Tatenda Taibu (captain), Gavin Ewing, Sean Williams, Tinashe Panyangara, Prosper Utseya, Christopher Mpofu. 

Bridge could miss rest of season  Chelsea left-back Wayne Bridge could miss the rest of the season with a suspected broken ankle.  The England international, 24, was hurt in an innocuous challenge with Alan Shearer during the Londoners' FA Cup defeat at Newcastle on Sunday. "We think it's a big injury," said Jose Mourinho, whose Chelsea team this week meet Barcelona in the Champions League and Liverpool in the Carling Cup final. William Gallas and Damien Duff could also miss the Barcelona game. France defender Gallas and Ireland winger Duff both picked up their injuries in the closing stages of Chelsea's 1-0 defeat at St James' Park.  With Bridge having gone off after Mourinho used all three substitutes, those knocks plus Carlo Cudicini's red card meant Chelsea finished the game with seven able-bodied players. Cudicini would not have played against Barcelona, but had been promised a game in the Carling Cup final, although he will now miss the Cardiff showpiece through suspension. The manager is not planning to add any new names to his squad ahead of the trip to Barcelona, even though he has few options to replace Bridge at left-back.  Celestine Babayaro left the club in January, ironically to join Newcastle, and although Gallas has deputised at left-back before, he is struggling to be fit himself. It could be that Paulo Ferreira, usually a right-back, is switched to left-back with Glen Johnson, who ended the Newcastle game in goal, playing on the right. Youngsters Ben Hudell, Joe Keenan and Sam Tillen would be options should Mourinho decide to call up a replacement, but it is unlikely he would risk an untried prospect in a Champions League tie. Bridge's injury also means Mourinho, who reportedly wants to sign Ashley Cole from Arsenal, will not have a specialist, senior left-back for the run-in to the season.  "He (Bridge) has no chance of playing against Barcelona, probably will not play against Liverpool (in the Carling Cup final) and maybe not for the rest of the season," he said. "The medical department will try to do everything to recover Gallas and Duff. We will have to wait and see, but I won't cry about injuries because we will have 11 players to play on Tuesday." Shearer said he was unsure what caused Bridge's injury. "I don't know what happened." he said. "It was just a shame. I don't think we even touched each other. "By all accounts it's pretty serious. I went into the dressing-room after the game and wished him all the best." Mourinho, whose team are chasing three trophies, has already lost winger Arjen Robben to a serious injury. 

England duo hit centuries  Second Test, Durban, day three (close): England: 139 & 281-1 v South Africa 332  Both hit 132 - Strauss was unbeaten - as England finished day three 88 ahead on 281-1, having started it 163 behind. It was the 16th 200-run opening stand in England's history, and by the time Trescothick was bowled by Shaun Pollock it was the country's fifth best ever. Mark Butcher was Strauss's partner at stumps in Durban, unbeaten on one. Trescothick bludgeoned 20 fours and two sixes in his 261-ball innings, with Strauss hitting 16 boundaries from 272 balls faced. It was the duo's fourth stand of 150 or more and their best return in nine Tests together, bettering the 190 they shared against New Zealand at Lord's this summer. In what had been a low-scoring game, England started the day on 30-0 and seemingly with a mountain to climb. But, allied to some loose bowling, the vagaries of the pitch which had hindered them on day one had disappeared to make life easier for England.  The first-wicket pair was circumspect in the opening 30 minutes of play, but soon feasted on the tripe served up by Dale Steyn, whose three-over spell cost 31 runs. The rookie paceman bowled short and wide, inviting Strauss to hook at will and Trescothick to take him for three successive boundaries through the off-side. The transformation of England - and indeed the pitch - was illustrated by their lunch score of 137-0, just two runs fewer than their entire first-innings effort. South Africa looked seriously bereft of options in the afternoon, with skipper Graeme Smith fruitlessly turning to himself, Steyn returning to the attack and Nicky Boje failing to threaten.  Pollock was the only one to bother England's rampant openers, beating the outside edge of both batsmen. But there was to be no moving the batsmen as they rose through the ranks of England's greatest first-wicket stands. England's previous best in Durban - 160 by Wally Hammond and Bob Wyatt 73 years ago - fell away, and 31 runs later a new record for all teams at the ground was set. When the 200-run mark was passed, it was the first time England's opening wicket had done so since Graeme Gooch and Mike Atherton against Australia in 1991.  The openers reached triple figures within moments of each other, Trescothick for the ninth time and Strauss for the fourth - and second in two Tests. Both carried on in the same vein after tea, with Trescothick hoicking Boje over mid-wicket for six and Strauss striking successive fours in the same over. South Africa's only hope looked to be the new ball, and the dependable Pollock finally gave the hosts something to cheer when Trescothick edged a simple catch behind late on. Strauss, chanceless all day, next over gave South Africa a sniff when edging Ntini low down to second slip, where Martin van Jaarsveld spilled a tough one-handed chance. Bad light ceased play 11 overs ahead of schedule, and play will start 30 minutes early on day four.  Graeme Smith (captain), Herschelle Gibbs, Jacques Rudolph, Jacques Kallis, Martin van Jaarsveld, Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers, Shaun Pollock, Nicky Boje, Makhaya Ntini, Dale Steyn.  Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Mark Butcher, Michael Vaughan (captain), Graham Thorpe, Andrew Flintoff, Geraint Jones, Ashley Giles, Matthew Hoggard, Simon Jones, Stephen Harmison.  D Hair, S Taufel. 

O'Gara revels in Ireland victory  Ireland fly-half Ronan O'Gara hailed his side's 19-13 victory over England as a "special" win.  The Munster number 10 kicked a total of 14 points, including two drop goals, to help keep alive their Grand Slam hopes. He told BBC Sport: "We made hard work of it but it's still special to beat England. "I had three chances to win the game but didn't. We have work to do after this but we never take a victory over England lightly." Ireland hooker Shane Byrne echoed O'Gara's comments but admitted the game had been England's best outing in the Six Nations. Byrne said: "It was a really, really hard game but from one to 15 in our team we worked really, really hard. "We just had to stick to our defensive pattern, trust ourselves and trust those around us. All round it was fantastic." Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll, who scored his side's only try, said: "We are delighted, we felt if we performed well then we would win but with England also having played very well it makes it all the sweeter. "We did get the bounce of the ball and some days that happens and you've just got to jump on the back of it."  Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan was surprised that England coach Andy Robinson said he was certain Mark Cueto was onside for a disallowed try just before the break. "Andy was sitting two yards from me and I couldn't see whether he was offside or not so I don't know how Andy could have known," said O'Sullivan.  "What I do know is that England played well and when that happens it makes a very good victory for us. "We had to defend for long periods and that is all good for the confidence of the team. "I think our try was very well worked, it was a gem, as good a try as we have scored for a while." O'Sullivan also rejected Robinson's contention England dominated the forward play. "I think we lost one lineout and they lost four or five so I don't know how that adds up to domination," he said. O'Driscoll also insisted Ireland were happy to handle the pressure of being considered favourites to win the Six Nations title. "This season for the first time we have been able to play with the favourites' tag," he said. "Hopefully we have proved that today and can continue to keep doing so. "As for my try it was a move we had worked on all week. There was a bit of magic from Geordan Murphy and it was a great break from Denis Hickie." 

Jones files Conte lawsuit  Marion Jones has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Balco boss Victor Conte following his allegations that he gave her performance-enhancing drugs.  The Sydney Olympic gold medallist says Conte damaged her reputation and she is seeking $25m (£13m) in the suit. Conte, whose company is at the centre of a doping investigation, made the claims in a US television programme. He and three others were indicted in February by a federal grand jury for a variety of alleged offences. In an email to the Associated Press on Wednesday, Conte said: "I stand by everything I said". Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 2000. Her lawsuit, filed in the US District Court in San Francisco, said the sprinter had passed a lie detector test and that she "has never taken banned performance-enhancing drugs". Conte's statements, the suit added, were "false and malicious". After the ABC television program earlier this month, Jones' lawyer Richard Nicholls said: "Marion has steadfastly maintained her position throughout: she has never, ever used performance-enhancing drugs. "Victor Conte is a man facing a 42-count federal indictment, while Marion Jones is one of America's most decorated female athletes. Mr Conte's statements have been wildly contradictory. "Mr Conte chose to make unsubstantiated allegations on television, while Marion Jones demanded to take and then passed a lie detector examination.  "Mr Conte is simply not credible. We challenge him to submit to the same lie detector procedure that Marion Jones passed." The sport's ruling body, the IAAF, is taking a cautious approach to Conte's allegations but contacted the US Anti-Doping Agency. Communications director Nick Davies said the IAAF would seek to contact Conte "for further information". But Davies stressed it would be up to the American authorities to decide whether they will take action against Jones in light of Conte's television interview and the world governing body would monitor the situation closely. "If it is felt there is case to answer, it would be for its national governing body (USA Track and Field) to take the appropriate disciplinary action," he added. "The US Anti-Doping Agency has proved itself to be very diligent in its anti-doping war. "And I am sure, like ourselves, they will be watching the television programme with great interest." Jones, who is under investigation for steroid use by the US Anti-Doping Agency, has continually denied ever taking illegal substances since being investigated in the Balco scandal, although she praised a zinc supplement Conte marketed. Jones, who did not win any medals in Athens in August, has never failed a drugs test. Meanwhile, Conte, who has been charged along with three other men of distributing illegal steroids and money laundering, is due to face trial in March. 

Rangers seal Old Firm win  Goals from Gregory Vignal and Nacho Novo gave Rangers a scrappy victory at Celtic Park that moves them three points clear of the champions.  Rangers had rarely threatened until Celtic goalkeeper Rab Douglas let defender Vignal's 25-yard drive slip through his grasp and into the net. Opposite number Ronald Waterreus had been Rangers' hero, saving superbly from Craig Bellamy and John Hartson. Striker Novo secured victory, lobbing Douglas with eight minutes remaining. It ended Celtic's 11-game unbeaten run at home in Old Firm derbies and gave Rangers manager Alex McLeish his first victory at the home of his Glasgow rivals. Celtic had won their last six meetings on their home pitch, including twice already this season. They started confidently, with new signing Bellamy, on loan from Newcastle United, given his Celtic debut up front with Wales international colleague John Hartson and Chris Sutton dropping into midfield. It took Bellamy just four minutes to threaten, taking on Marvin Andrews before delivering a low drive that was held by Waterreus at the second attempt. He had an even better chance after Hartson dispossesed Sotiris Kyrgiakos and sent his strike partner clear with only the goalkeeper to beat. But Waterreus did well to beat away Bellamy's disappointing low drive from 16 yards. Waterreus came to the rescue again when the ball fell to Hartson just inside the box and the Dutch goalkeeper made a brave block. It was an Old Firm return for Barry Ferguson as McLeish stuck by the side that thumped four goals past Hibernian. But Rangers found Celtic harder to break down and Douglas was not threatened until 10 minutes after the break. Dado Prso turned inside Neil Lennon only for the Celtic goalkeeper to beat away his powerful 18-yard drive. A great defensive header by Andrews prevented Hartson pouncing from five yards out. Hartson foxed Vignal at the edge of the Rangers box, but the striker's shot on the turn was again beaten away by Waterreus. Rangers were beginning to dominate the midfield and Vignal, collecting a knock back from Fernando Ricksen, broke the deadlock, Douglas somehow letting the Frenchman's dipping drive slip through his grasp. Novo pounced on a moments' hesitation in the Celtic defence to latch on to a long ball from Ricksen and lob the ball over the advancing Douglas. Ricksen appeared to be hit by a coin, but it could not prevent Rangers' celebrations at the final whistle.  : Douglas, McNamara, Balde, Varga, Laursen, Petrov, Lennon, Sutton, Thompson, Bellamy, Hartson.  Subs: Marshall, Henchoz, Juninho Paulista, Lambert, Maloney, Wallace, McGeady.  : Waterreus, Hutton, Kyrgiakos, Andrews, Ball, Buffel, Ferguson, Ricksen, Vignal, Prso, Novo.  Subs: McGregor, Namouchi, Burke, Alex Rae, Malcolm, Thompson, Lovenkrands.  : M McCurry 

Jones files lawsuit against Conte  Marion Jones has filed a lawsuit for defamation against Balco boss Victor Conte following his allegations that he gave her performance-enhancing drugs.  The Sydney Olympic gold medallist says Conte damaged her reputation and she is seeking $25m (£13m) in the suit. Conte, whose company is at the centre of a doping investigation, made the claims in a US television programme. He and three others were indicted in February by a federal grand jury for a variety of alleged offences. In an email to the Associated Press on Wednesday, Conte said: "I stand by everything I said". Jones won three gold medals and two bronzes in Sydney in 2000. Her lawsuit, filed in the US District Court in San Francisco, said the sprinter had passed a lie detector test and that she "has never taken banned performance-enhancing drugs". Conte's statements, the suit added, were "false and malicious". After the ABC television program earlier this month, Jones' lawyer Richard Nicholls said: "Marion has steadfastly maintained her position throughout: she has never, ever used performance-enhancing drugs. "Victor Conte is a man facing a 42-count federal indictment, while Marion Jones is one of America's most decorated female athletes. Mr Conte's statements have been wildly contradictory. "Mr Conte chose to make unsubstantiated allegations on television, while Marion Jones demanded to take and then passed a lie detector examination.  "Mr Conte is simply not credible. We challenge him to submit to the same lie detector procedure that Marion Jones passed." The sport's ruling body, the IAAF, is taking a cautious approach to Conte's allegations but contacted the US Anti-Doping Agency. Communications director Nick Davies said the IAAF would seek to contact Conte "for further information". But Davies stressed it would be up to the American authorities to decide whether they will take action against Jones in light of Conte's television interview and the world governing body would monitor the situation closely. "If it is felt there is case to answer, it would be for its national governing body (USA Track and Field) to take the appropriate disciplinary action," he added. "The US Anti-Doping Agency has proved itself to be very diligent in its anti-doping war. "And I am sure, like ourselves, they will be watching the television programme with great interest." Jones, who is under investigation for steroid use by the US Anti-Doping Agency, has continually denied ever taking illegal substances since being investigated in the Balco scandal, although she praised a zinc supplement Conte marketed. Jones, who did not win any medals in Athens in August, has never failed a drugs test. Meanwhile, Conte, who has been charged along with three other men of distributing illegal steroids and money laundering, is due to face trial in March. 

Robben and Cole earn Chelsea win  Cheslea salvaged a win against a battling Portsmouth side just as it looked like the Premiership leaders would have to settle for a point.  Arjen Robben curled in a late deflected left-footed shot from the right side of Pompey's box to break the home side's brave resistance. Chelsea had been continually frustrated but Joe Cole added a second with a 20-yard shot in injury-time. Nigel Quashie had Pompey's best chance when his effort was tipped over. The Fratton Park crowd were in good voice as usual and, even though Portsmouth more than held their own, Chelsea still managed to carve out two early chances. Striker Didier Drogba snapped in an angled shot to force home keeper Shaka Hislop into a smart save while an unmarked Frank Lampard had a strike blocked by Arjan De Zeeuw. But Pompey chased, harried and unsettled a Chelsea side as the south-coast side started to gain the upper hand and almost took the lead through Quashie.  The midfielder struck a swerving long range shot which keeper Petr Cech tipped over at full stretch. Pompey stretched Arsenal to the limit recently and were providing a similarly tough obstacle to overcome for a Chelsea team struggling to exert any pressure. Velimir Zajec's players stood firm as the visitors came out in lively fashion after the break but, just as they took a stranglehold of the match, the visitors launched a counter-attack. Drogba spun to get a sight of goal and struck a fierce shot which rocked keeper Hislop back as he blocked before Arjan de Zeeuw cleared the danger.  The home side were also left breathing a sigh of relief when a Glen Johnson header fell to Gudjohnsen who had his back to goal in a crowded Pompey goalmouth. The Icelandic forward tried to acrobatically direct the ball into goal but put his effort over. But, just like against Arsenal, Portsmouth let in a late goal when Robben's shot took a deflection off Matthew Taylor on its way past a wrong-footed Hislop. And Cole put a bit of gloss on a hard-fought win when he put a low shot into the bottom of the Pompey net.  Hislop, Griffin, Primus, De Zeeuw, Taylor, Stone (Cisse 76), Quashie (Berkovic 83), Faye, O'Neil, Kamara (Fuller 65), Yakubu.  Subs Not Used: Berger, Ashdown.  Kamara.  Cech, Paulo Ferreira, Gallas, Terry, Johnson, Duff, Makelele, Smertin (Cole 73), Lampard, Robben (Geremi 81), Drogba (Gudjohnsen 58).  Subs Not Used: Cudicini, Bridge.  Paulo Ferreira, Robben, Lampard.  Robben 79, Cole 90.  20,210  A Wiley (Staffordshire). 

O'Connell rejects Lions rumours  Ireland and Munster lock Paul O'Connell has dismissed media reports linking him to the captaincy of the Lions tour to New Zealand this summer.  O'Connell is rumoured to be among the front-runners for the job, but says he is totally focused on Sunday's Six Nations crunch clash with England. "I honestly don't think about these reports," he told BBC Sport. "The Lions thing is all speculation and newspaper talk, nothing more. I just ignore it and get on with my job." He added: "The only thing that annoys me after reading some reports is what the opposition locks think. "I can just imagine them saying 'I'm going to show this guy what's what about second row play'. That's the one thing that makes me cringe." O'Connell, who made a try-scoring international debut against Wales two years ago, is enjoying his meteoric rise into rugby's shop window - but refuses to be drawn on the Lions.  "I have spoken to Sir Clive Woodward a few times, but not for very long, certainly nothing about summer holidays," he joked. He also said he remains wary of wounded England's abilities coming into Sunday's game after two straight defeats, dismissing predictions of a certain Irish victory. "It's very dangerous to think that. This England team has so much experience and skill. You do not become a bad team overnight. "They have two world class game-breakers in Josh Lewsey and Jason Robinson, while Charlie Hodgson is just ready to click into place." He insisted Ireland will not make the mistake of being over-confident. "That's not going to happen in our squad. No Ireland team lining up to play England will ever fall into that trap," he said. "Every time we play England we know what a big task it is. Look at what they did to us two years ago. I remember that game all too well, and it was not a good feeling. "I came on as a replacement and we were losing 13-6, and ended up getting hammered 42-6, so I know what can happen when England come to Dublin. "They could so easily have been coming to Dublin with two wins and staring a Grand Slam in the face as well." 

Saint-Andre anger at absent stars  Sale Sharks director of rugby Philippe Saint-Andre has re-opened rugby's club-versus-country debate.  Sale host Bath in the Powergen Cup on Friday, but the Frenchman has endured a "difficult week" with six players away on England's Six Nations training camp. "It's an important game but we've just the one full session. It's the same for everyone but we need to manage it. "If five players or more are picked for your country they should move the date of the game," he told BBC Sport. Unless the authorities agree to make changes, Saint-Andre believes England's national team will suffer as clubs opt to sign foreigners and retired internationals. "That's not good for the politics of the English team or for English rugby," he argues. It is an issue he has taken up before, most notably during the autumn internationals when Sale lost all three Zurich Premiership matches they played.  Now he fears it could derail the club's hopes of cup silverware after eight players, including captain Jason Robinson and fly-half Charlie Hodgson, were away with their countries. "We're in the quarter-finals, it's always better to play at home than away and it's a great opportunity," he added. "But we have to be careful. Bath have just been knocked out of Europe and will make it a tough game. It also comes at the end of a very, very difficult week. "Sebastien Bruno's been with France, Jason White with Scotland and there are six with England, that's eight players plus injuries - 13 players out of a squad of 31. "We'll have just one session together and will have to do our best to make that a good one on Thursday afternoon."  Gloucester have also been caught in a club-versus-country conflict after England sought a second medical opinion on James Simpson-Daniel's fitness. The winger is carrying a shoulder injury and the national team management believe he requires time on the sidelines. As a result he misses the Cherry and White's quarter-final at home to Bristol. "Under the Elite Player Squad agreement, England wanted a second opinion, which they can do," director of rugby Nigel Melville told the Gloucester Citizen.  "They obviously want him for international rugby and we want him for club rugby in what is a very important game for us. There is a conflict of interests. "The surgeon who carried out his operation said he was fine for us but England say he is still vulnerable to be damaged again and want him on a full rehab programme." Simpson-Daniel added: "I've said to Nigel I want to be back playing and that means if everything goes well this week, I can target the Worcester game (on 29 January) for a return." 

Highbury tunnel players in clear  The Football Association has said it will not be bringing charges over the tunnel incident prior to the Arsenal and Manchester United game.  Arsenal's Patrick Vieira had earlier denied accusations that he threatened Gary Neville before the 4-2 defeat. Vieira also clashed with opposing skipper Roy Keane and referee Graham Poll had to separate them. "The referee has confirmed that he is satisfied he dealt with the incident at the time," said an FA statement. It means United's win will pass off without further intervention from the governing body, whose new chief executive Brian Barwick was in the Highbury stands.  "I didn't threaten anybody. They are big enough players to handle themselves," said Vieira. "I had a talk with Roy Keane and that's it. Gary Neville is a big lad, he can handle himself. "They just played better than us and deserved to win." Neville admitted there had been incidents before the game, but insisted it had not distracted his focus. "There were a couple of things that did happen before the game which disappoint you," he said. "Especially from players of that calibre, but it's a tough game and we've been around a long time." Neville admitted that he had not enjoyed the match, which was punctuated by fouls and the sending off of Mikael Silvestre for head-butting Freddie Ljungberg . "I thought it was a horrible game in the first half, and it was not much better in the second," he said. "There is no way that should have happened in a football match."  After the match, Keane accused Vieira of starting the row. "Patrick Vieira is 6ft 4in and having a go at Gary Neville. So I said, 'have a go at me'," he said. "If he wants to intimidate our players and thinks that Gary Neville is an easy target, I'm not having it." Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson added: "Vieira was well wound up for it. "I've heard different stories. Patrick Vieira has apparently threatened some of our players and things like that." 

Hodgson relishes European clashes  Former Blackburn boss Roy Hodgson says the Premiership should follow the rest of Europe and have a winter break - but insists that a gruelling domestic schedule will not damage the English elite's bid for Champions League glory.  Hodgson - now in charge at Viking Stavanger - was at Liverpool's clash with Bayer Leverkusen at Anfield on Tuesday as a member of Uefa's technical committee. Hodgson is a fierce advocate of the winter break employed throughout Europe, although not in England - where the Champions League contenders have ploughed through a heavy fixture list. But Hodgson told BBC Sport that while he believes the Premiership should embrace the idea, he does not expect it to cost the English representatives in the last 16 of the Champions League. "I just feel it is very difficult to say with certainty that teams who have had the break will have a definite edge. "I am a fervent supporter of the break. It gives players the chance to recharge their batteries midway through the season, which some suggest will give teams an advantage in the Champions League. "The other school of thought suggests having a break then coming back to it puts you at a disadvantage. "The bigger discussions around the winter break should be to do with the nature of football today, the needs of football players and the way the Premiership has developed, rather than one or two matches in the Champions League in February." Hodgson believes a winter break carries many advantages, explaining: "As I said, it is the perfect chance to recharge batteries.  "And certainly if I was still a manager in England I would be supporting any calls for its introduction. "In pre-season you get a lot of enthusiasm and energy but by the time you get towards Christmas many players, having also played plenty of international matches for club and country and travelled a lot, find themselves getting very jaded. "The break gives them a chance to recover that energy and enthusiasm and, perhaps more importantly, recover their mental strength during the break and get ready for the games ahead. "The mental side is by far the most important thing." Hodgson added: "The length of breaks can vary. In Italy the break was very short. You just took Christmas and New Year. "It was so short you didn't do anything. You gave the players a week or 10 days off, then you were training for a week or 10 days and then went into a game. "If it is longer, it is important those responsible for physical fitness give the players a programme to follow to ensure the physical strength they have accumulated stays with them." And Hodgson believes a winter break would be a positive step in the Premiership. He said: "If we talk about football at elite level, which the Premiership is, then I would support a winter break. "If you examine the demands of the Premier League and, in particular on players who play international football for their club and country, then a break would do them the world of good - physically and mentally." 

Ferguson fears Milan cutting edge  Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said his side's task against AC Milan would not be made any easier by the absence of Andriy Shevchenko.  Milan's talismanic European footballer of the year misses Wednesday's Champions League first-leg tie after fracturing his cheekbone. "It's a loss (to Milan), but it could be worse if they didn't have such quality to bring in," Ferguson said. "How much they miss him I think they'll know tomorrow night." Ferguson said Milan's front line would still represent a formidable challenge for his defenders. "They can play Rui Costa and play Kaka forward. They can bring Serginho in and they can play (Jon Dahl) Tomasson," he said. Ferguson's own goalscoring talisman Ruud van Nistelrooy is fit again, but the Scot admitted he was unsure whether to start the Dutchman, who has not played for three months.  "Ruud is the best striker in Europe. What I have to judge is whether he will struggle with the early pace after being out for so long," he said. "His ability puts him in with a big shout but it is a major decision." Ferguson, though, is confident his young players, particularly Wayne Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo, are up to the task. "We have an opportunity to win this cup this year, no question about that," he declared. "With the maturity we see every week in Ronaldo and Rooney, the return of Van Nistelrooy and the form of Roy Keane, Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs, we must have a fantastic chance." It is a view shared by Rooney, who believes "if we can get past Milan, we have a great chance". "As soon as I knew we were playing Milan, I got excited. Looking at the draw, it is anyone's trophy but we have every chance. "Hopefully, we can get to that final in Turkey and bring the cup back to Manchester." Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti said his team were looking forward to returning to the venue where they lifted Europe's most prestigious club title two seasons ago. Milan beat Juventus in a penalty shootout after a 0-0 tie at Old Trafford and Ancelotti said: "We are all very happy to return (to Old Trafford) to play in the Champions League and this will give us great motivation." Ancelotti said he was aware of the threat United posed to his hopes of Champions League glory. "It's fundamental that we don't allow them to take control of the game. Our intention is not to adapt to their play but to play our game," he said. "They have great quality in attack, they use the wings a lot and we will have to make sure we stop them." 

Lee runs through Windies  VB Series match 6, Adelaide: Australia 269-8 beat West Indies 196 by 73 runs  Paceman Pedro Collins took his first one-day five-wicket haul but Australia wriggled out of trouble to post a healthy 269-8 in Adelaide. Then paceman Brett Lee twice took wickets off consecutive deliveries for figures of 4-38 as West Indies folded for 196 in the 45th over. Collins (5-43) removed four top-order batsmen before the Aussies recovered. Simon Katich's 76 off 86 balls began the fightback. But the turning-point really came when Jason Gillespie (44) and Brett Lee (38) put on 73 runs, unbroken, for the ninth wicket in less than 12 overs. Gillespie, who scored his maiden Test fifty this Australian summer, registered his highest one-day score off just 42 balls, striking two fours and a six.  Katich and Gillespie were two of three changes to the Aussie side, with Brad Hogg joining them at the expense of Shane Watson, Michael Kasprowicz and Damien Martyn. The West Indies stuck with the side that nearly beat Australia last Friday in Brisbane until rain stopped play. Collins struck twice in the third over after the home side had won the toss under a hot and humid sky on Australia Day. The left-armer had out-of-sorts opener Matthew Hayden caught behind off a bottom edge before ousting skipper Ricky Ponting (caught) for a duck to reduce them to 24-2. Michael Clarke blasted his way to 21 off 15 balls before he misjudged a drive and was clean bowled by Collins, and Darren Lehmann perished in the paceman's next over to a catch behind the stumps. Andrew Symonds, promoted to number four after five ducks from his previous six digs, helped Australia recover from 38-4 but was caught behind off Wavell Hinds for 31 off 49 balls.  The Windies were on top with the middle-order exposed, but Katich and Brad Haddin made sure they failed to push home the advantage. The pair put on 82 in 14 overs before Haddin was bowled by Dwayne Bravo (2-71), but it was not until Lee and Gillespie were brought together by Collins' removal of Katich in the 39th over that Australia really got on top. Losing both openers inside the first 13 balls of their reply, West Indies were never in control of their run chase. Lee struck with the last ball of his first over and the first ball of his second thanks to catches behind the wicket by Haddin, the second one a brilliant one-handed take. Ramanaresh Sarwan and Shivnarine Chanderpaul then added 92 for the third wicket in 22 overs. But Sarwan feathered an edge off Hogg before a brilliant direct hit from Clarke ran out Chanderpaul for 55.  The momentum had gone and the wickets tumbled as Marlon Samuels drilled Lehmann to extra cover, Brian Lara gave Lee a catch off his own bowling and Courtney Browne fell lbw to the same bowler. Gillespie mopped up the tail as West Indies left the Adelaide Oval still hunting their first win after four VB Series matches. Afterwards, Lee said: "I always try to make sure that I'm fully fit so that if I get the opportunity I can give my best and hopefully I've done that. "I've done a lot of bowling in the nets with my training partner Andrew Symonds, working on different balls. "I've felt that with every game I've got a bit better."  Ricky Ponting, Matthew Hayden, Michael Clarke, Darren Lehmann, Andrew Symonds, Simon Katich, Brad Haddin, Brad Hogg, Brett Lee, Jason Gillespie, Glenn McGrath.  Brian Lara, Chris Gayle, Wavell Hinds, Ramnaresh Sarwan, Shivnarine Chanderpaul, Marlon Samuels, Dwayne Bravo, Courtney Browne, Ian Bradshaw, Mervyn Dillon, Pedro Collins 

Stam spices up Man Utd encounter  AC Milan defender Jaap Stam says Manchester United "know they made a mistake" by selling him in 2001.  The sides meet at Old Trafford in the Champions League game on Wednesday and the 32-year-old's Dutchman's presence is sure to add spice to the fixture. "United made a mistake in selling me," Stam told Uefa's Champions magazine. "I was settled at Manchester United, but they wanted to sell me. If a club want to sell you, there is nothing you can do. You can be sold like cattle." Sir Alex Ferguson surprised the football world - and Stam - by selling the Dutchman to Lazio for £16.5m in August 2001. The decision came shortly after Stam claimed in his autobiography that Ferguson had tapped him up when he was at PSV Eindhoven. But Ferguson insisted he sold the defender because the transfer fee was too good to refuse for a player past his prime. The affair still rankles with the Dutchman.  "I was settled at Manchester United, I had even just ordered a new kitchen, but they wanted to sell me," he said. "In what other industry can a good employee be ushered out the door against their wishes? "Of course, you can refuse to go, but then the club have the power to put you on the bench. I don't agree that players control the game. "There have been opportunities to confront them in the newspapers, but I have turned them down. What's the point?"  Wednesday's game at Old Trafford will provide an intriguing confrontation between United's young attackers Wayne Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo and Milan's veteran defence of Stam, Paolo Maldini, Cafu and Alessandro Costacurta. Stam says Rooney's teenage stardom is in stark contract to his own start in the game. "We can't all be Wayne Rooneys - at his age I was training to be an electrician and thought my chance of becoming a professional footballer had gone," he said. "Starting late can be a good thing. Some kids who start early get bored. "I had my youth - having fun, drinking beers, blowing up milk cannisters. It sounds strange but it's a tradition where I grew up in Kampen - and I had done all the things I wanted to do." 

Healey targets England comeback  Leicester wing Austin Healey hopes to use Sunday's return Heineken Cup clash with Wasps as a further springboard to an England recall for the Six Nations.  Healey, who won 51 caps prior to the 2003 World Cup, has been in good form in the Tigers' resurgence this season. "I definitely still have ambitions to play for England," Healey told the BBC. "We will have to see what happens after the previous (autumn) Tests but when I look at the current squad I definitely feel there is a place there for me." Healey, who has also played both half-back positions and full-back during his career, has reverted to the wing, where he won most of his England caps. After recovering from a trapped nerve in his back sustained at the end of September, the 31-year-old is relishing his role in the Tigers revival. "I had six weeks out but fortunately I have resumed the sort of form I had before," he said.  "I am basically playing where it best suits Leicester. Obviously I can play scrum-half, fly-half or full-back at a moment's notice. "But playing on the wing actually gives me a bigger free role to come in where I am not expected and influence things." That has been apparent in parts one and two of the Wasps-Leicester trilogy in recent weeks. First, Healey came off his flank with an angled run to score an injury-time try that earned the Tigers a 17-17 draw in their Premiership meeting on 21 November. Then, in the first of their Heineken cup double header last Sunday, Healey slotted in at stand-off and delivered a superb cross-kick for Martin Corry to score the Tigers' third try. "I caught 'Cozza's' eye a couple of phases before that and was hoping to get it to him on the full, but fortunately even with the bounce he managed to score," Healey recalled.  Healey, twice a Heineken Cup winner, believes last Sunday's match was "up there" with some of the biggest club contests he has played in. "It was a very intense occasion and a very destructive game," he recalled. "There was not a huge amount of rugby played but it was a great game to be involved in. "After about 15 minutes I thought we might stride away with it but Wasps really came back into it and in the last couple of minutes it could have gone either way."  The same outcome this Sunday would put Leicester in pole position to top their Heineken pool with a home game against Biarritz and away trip to Calvisano to come. But Healey insists the Tigers must summon the same desire if they are to deliver the knockout blow in what has been dubbed "rugby's version of Rocky II". "There was a lot of satisfaction in the dressing room aftewards but it is really only a case of a job half done," he added. "It was the first of a two-leg trip and if we lose at Welford Road it will negate all the positives we can take from result. "I think it came down to who wanted it more and in the end I think we did. We have got to show the same desire again this week." 

Hewitt fights back to reach final  Lleyton Hewitt kept his dream of an Australian Open title alive with a four-set win over Andy Roddick in Friday's second semi-final.  The home favourite will face Marat Safin in Sunday's final after coming through 3-6 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-4) 6-1. Hewitt fought back from a set down and trailed in both tie-breaks but would not be denied, thrilling the Melbourne crowd with a typically battling effort. He is aiming to be the first Australian winner since Mark Edmondson in 1976. Hewitt is the first Australian to make the final since Pat Cash lost to Mats Wilander in 1988, but faces a huge challenge against Safin - the conqueror of Roger Federer. After needing five sets in his last two matches there was reason to think Hewitt might struggle for fitness. He certainly made a sluggish start, dropping his opening service game, and Roddick dominated with his huge serve as he took the first set.  After 12 tense games in the second, the key moment came when Hewitt raised his game in the tie-break to overturn an early mini-break. That energised the crowd but Roddick was not finished and raced 4-1 clear in the crucial third before Hewitt pegged him back and forced another tie-break. Again Roddick broke first and again Hewitt fought back, taking the lead with a superb backhand pass.  The Australian was not to be denied and a disheartened Roddick made little impact in the fourth set as Hewitt raced to victory, sending the Melbourne crowd wild and ensuring the final will be a huge occasion. "It's awesome," said Hewitt. "I started preparing for this tournament nine months ago. "I've done a lot of hard yards to get here. "I've always said I'd do anything to get in the first night final at the Australian Open. Now I've got my chance." Roddick was furious with himself for failing to take advantage of leads in both tie-breaks. "I'm usually pretty money in those," said Roddick. "Either one of those would have given me a distinct advantage. "I'm mad, I felt I was in there with a shot. He put himself in position to win big points. I donated a little more than I would have wanted." And the American played down the influence of one spectator who appeared to contribute to a double fault by shouting during Rodick's service action. "It just took one jackass to shout out," said Roddick, adding that the crowd overall was "very respectful". 

Strauss ton boosts England  First Test, Port Elizabeth (day two, close): South Africa 337; England 227-1  Strauss was 120 not out after two days in Port Elizabeth as England closed inexorably on the hosts' 337 all out. He put on 152 for the first wicket with Marcus Trescothick and added more runs with Mark Butcher with no England batsman prepared to miss out. Earlier, Boeta Dippenaar converted his overnight 79 into a century of his own. The day began with South Africa 273-7 and hoping to reach at least 350 with Dippenaar and Thami Tsolekile batting together. Tsolekile initially looked uncomfortable against some short-pitched Andrew Flintoff bowling. But Steve Harmison's radar was awry and though runs came slowly, there was little penetration from England's seamers.  Dippenaar eventually lifted the shackles by driving Harmison through the covers for four. An even better drive in the same area took him to 98 before he put Harmison high over gully for four more, reaching only his third Test century. Finally, well into the second hour, Michael Vaughan turned to his freshest bowler, Simon Jones. The Welshman struck immediately as Dippenaar edged into the safe hands of Marcus Trescothick at first slip. Tsolekile, having hit one excellent boundary off Ashley Giles, rashly attempted another soon after the loss of Dippenaar.  It was a big mistake, though. Slogging across the line and against the spin, he skewed the ball up into the covers for Andrew Flintoff to run round from slip to take the catch. Giles removed the last man, Dale Steyn, and from 324-7 South Africa had tumbled to 337 all out. Strauss and Trescothick had a potentially awkward four overs before lunch to negotiate. But having managed that, they rarely looked troubled in the second session of the day.  Strauss, with a series of cuts and pulls, was the more attacking partner, while Trescothick was seeking to play himself into some form. South Africa were severely limited by having five right-arm seamers at their disposal and no spinner and when the score rattled along to 152-0 shortly after tea they looked in deep trouble. But debutant Steyn, who had bowled a rash of no-balls in a nervous first spell, suddenly found some extra pace and a bit of reverse swing to bowl Trescothick for 47, the ball crashing into middle stump. Shaun Pollock also got the ball to reverse in the air, as the runs dried up with Mark Butcher trying to find his feet and Strauss worrying about a possible century. But once Strauss drove Ntini immaculately down the ground for four to reach three figures, Butcher cashed in with two crisp cover-drives of his own for boundaries off Andrew Hall. It was a weary South African fielding side who marched off the park at stumps.  G Smith (captain), AB de Villiers, J Rudolph, J Kallis, B Dippenaar, Z de Bruyn, A Hall, S Pollock, T Tsolekile (wk), M Ntini, D Steyn.  M Vaughan (captain), M Trescothick, A Strauss, M Butcher, G Thorpe, A Flintoff, G Jones (wk), A Giles, S Jones, M Hoggard, S Harmison. 

Lions blow to World Cup stars  British and Irish Lions coach Clive Woodward says he is unlikely to select any players not involved in next year's RBS Six Nations Championship.  World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio, Neil Back and Martin Johnson had all been thought to be in the frame for next summer's tour to New Zealand. "I don't think you can ever say never," said Woodward. "But I would have to have a compulsive reason to pick any player who is not available to international rugby." Dallaglio, Back and Johnson have all retired from international rugby over the last 12 months but continue to star for their club sides. But Woodward added: "The key thing that I want to stress is that I intend to use the Six Nations and the players who are available to international rugby as the key benchmark. "My job, along with all the other senior representatives, is to make sure that we pick the strongest possible team. "If you are not playing international rugby then it's still a step up to Test rugby. It's definitely a disadvantage.  "I think it's absolutely critical and with the history of the Lions we have got to take players playing for the four countries." Woodward also revealed that the race for the captaincy was still wide open. "It is an open book," he said. "There are some outstanding candidates from all four countries." And following the All Blacks' impressive displays in Europe in recent weeks, including a 45-6 humiliation of France, Woodward believes the three-test series in New Zealand will provide the ultimate rugby challenge. "Their performance in particular against France was simply awesome," said the Lions coach. "Certain things have been suggested about the potency of their front five, but they're a very powerful unit." With his customary thoroughness, Woodward revealed he had taken soundings from Australia coach Eddie Jones and Jake White of South Africa following their tour matches in Britain and Ireland.  As a result, Woodward stressed his Lions group might not be dominated by players from England and Ireland and held out hope for the struggling Scots. "Scotland's recent results have not been that impressive but there have been some excellent individual performances. "Eddie in particular told me how tough they had made it for Australia and I will take on board their opinions." And Scotland forward Simon Taylor looks certain to get the call, provided he recovers from knee and tendon problems. "I took lessons from 2001 in that they did make a mistake in taking Lawrence Dallaglio when he wasn't fit and went on the trip. "Every player has to be looked at on their own merits and Simon Taylor is an outstanding player and I have no doubts that if he gets back to full fitness he will be on the trip. "I am told he should be back playing by March and he has plenty of time to prove his fitness for the Lions - and there are other players like Richard Hill in the same boat." 

Wolves appoint Hoddle as manager  Glenn Hoddle has been unveiled as the new Wolves manager.  The ex-England coach has been given a six-month contract to succeed Dave Jones, who was sacked after the club's poor start to the season. Wolves chairman Rick Hayward said: "We're delighted Glenn is here. He has a six-month contract so we can test each other out and see if it works." Hoddle, who will work alongside Stuart Gray, has been out of the game since he was sacked by Spurs in 2003. Gray, who has been caretaker manager, was assistant boss when Hoddle was manager at Southampton. "I'm delighted to be here," said Hoddle.  "I saw the massive potential that Wolves have got and their desire and amibition to get back into the Premiership parallels my ambitions. "Stuart Gray has done a fantastic job as caretaker manager. We've worked together at Southampton and I'm delighted to be back with him." Wolves chief executive Jez Moxey defended the decision to give Hoddle a short-term contract. "We hope it will work out for both parties and we extend it for the long term," he said. "Most managers want a four-year contract and then expect it to be paid off if it doesn't work out. "For somebody of Glenn's calibre to come in on a short-term contract and put his reputation on the line, it demonstrates his commitment and self-belief and the potential he thinks is here." Hayward revealed that Hoddle was one of the first to be approached after Jones' departure. "He was not available at the time because he was looking at various other things," he explained. "Five weeks later we're back on track and this a tremendous opportunity for Wolves."  Hoddle began his managerial career as player-boss with Swindon before moving on to Chelsea and then taking up the England job. His spell in charge of the national side came to an end after the 1998 World Cup when he made controversial remarks about the disabled in a newspaper interview. The 47-year-old later returned to management with Southampton, where he again succeeded Jones - as he has now done at Wolves. He engineered an upturn in Saints' fortunes before being lured to White Hart Lane by Tottenham - the club where he made his name as a player. That relationship turned sour at the start of the last campaign and he left the London club early last season. Since then he has applied unsuccessfully for the post of France manager and had also been linked with a return to Southampton. Wolves are currently 17th in the Championship and have a home game against Millwall on Tuesday. 

The gloves are off  When Arsenal play Manchester United on Tuesday, a fixture that is usually a title-decider has this time been relegated to undercard status.  Both teams will be playing for pride and hoping for a win to seize on any possible hiccup by Premiership leaders Chelsea. Arsenal and United have been left in the slipstream of the Stamford Bridge outfit and the reason, according to many experts, is goalkeeping woes. While Chelsea keeper Petr Cech, who the Gunners missed out on signing, has conceded only eight league goals so far this season, his rivals have had their quality questioned after high-profile mistakes and misdemeanours.  Arsenal have let in 24 goals as Jens Lehmann has been dropped in favour of Manuel Almunia, who has failed to convince the doubters, despite holding Highbury's number one jersey. Roy Carroll has wrestled the first-team keeper spot at United from Tim Howard, whose errors cost him his place, but he still has doubts hanging over his credentials. "It's like a heartbreak for goalkeepers like me and Peter Shilton," ex-Gunners keeper Bob Wilson told BBC Radio Five Live's Sportsweek programme in assessment of the general level of goalkeeping at present. Shilton is England's most-capped player and he believes the lack of top-class keepers is a reason for the predicament at Arsenal and United.  "They are adequate," he said. "You look around and there are not too many other goalkeepers who you would think were better." Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger and his Old Trafford counterpart Sir Alex Ferguson have tried in vain to find new players of a similar quality to replace David Seaman and Peter Schmeichel. Seaman was at Arsenal for 13 years, while Schmeichel was at Old Trafford for eight years and was hailed as the "bargain of the century" by Ferguson after he signed him for £600,000. Wilson and Shilton have cited the lack of technique of the current generation but both agree they would have Lehmann in goal ahead of Almunia at Arsenal. Wilson explained: "I would defend Jens Lehman last season because he was top of every stat going.  "He had an absolutely phenomenal season but, unfortunately, a couple of big errors came in the Champions League against Chelsea and Arsene is a hard taskmaster and so he suddenly started to change and take a real chance on the Spaniard. "Lehmann has excellent basic technique and young Almunia is still learning the game. "I believe at the moment Lehmann has an advantage over Almunia but the man who is paid to make those decisions, and that's Arsene, will continue to play Almunia." Shilton echoed: "Lehmann did well. Arsenal were unbeaten for so many games and he was very consistent but the minute he made one or two mistakes and people got on to his back he seemed to lose a bit of confidence.  "Arsenal and United could have better goalkeepers but those they have got are not doing too badly. "They are making the odd one or two serious errors and the spotlight is going to be on them but they have to put it to the back of their minds and roll their sleeves up." Former Arsenal manager George Graham brought Seaman to Highbury and he has his own theory. He said: "I would disagree with Bob and Peter about technique. I think decision-making from the majority of goalkeepers I've seen this season is the problem." 

Reds sink 10-man Magpies  Titus Bramble's own goal put Liverpool on the comeback trail as injury-hit Newcastle were well beaten at Anfield.  Patrick Kluivert's close-range finish put Newcastle ahead after 31 minutes, but they were pegged back as Bramble headed in Steven Gerrard's corner. Neil Mellor gave Liverpool the lead before half-time from Milan Baros' pass before the Czech added a third after rounding Shay Given on the hour. Newcastle then had Lee Bowyer sent off for two bookable offences. Liverpool brought back Luis Garcia after a hamstring injury, while Newcastle were forced to draft in Kluivert after Craig Bellamy was a late withdrawal with a back injury sustained in the warm-up. And Garcia should have crowned his return with a goal inside the opening minute when he took a pass from Baros but shot wildly over the top from eight yards. Olivier Bernard was only inches away from giving Newcastle the lead after 20 minutes, when he fired just wide from a free-kick 25 yards out. But Souness's side did go ahead 11 minutes later in highly controversial circumstances.  Kluivert looked suspiciously offside when Kieron Dyer set Bowyer free, but the Dutchman was then perfectly placed to score from six yards. The lead lasted three minutes, with Liverpool back on terms as Bramble headed Gerrard's corner into his own net under pressure from Sami Hyypia. And Liverpool were ahead after 37 minutes when Baros slid a perfect pass into Mellor's path for the youngster to slip a slide-rule finish into Given's bottom corner. Garcia's finishing was wayward, and he was wasteful again in first-half injury time, shooting tamely at Given after good work by Xabi Alonso. Any hopes of a Newcastle recovery looked to be snuffed out on the hour when a brilliant turn and pass by Harry Kewell set Baros free and he rounded Given to score. Jermaine Jenas then missed a glorious chance to throw Newcastle a lifeline, shooting over from just eight yards out from Shola Ameobi's cross. Then Bowyer, who had already been booked for a foul on Alonso, was deservedly shown the red card by referee Graham Poll for a wild challenge on Liverpool substitute Florent Sinama-Pongolle.  Dudek, Finnan, Hyypia, Carragher, Riise, Luis Garcia (Nunez 73), Gerrard, Alonso, Kewell (Traore 85), Baros, Mellor (Sinama Pongolle 75).  Subs not used: Hamann, Harrison.  Bramble 35 og, Mellor 38, Baros 61.  Given, Andrew O'Brien, Elliott, Bramble, Bernard, Bowyer, Dyer (Ambrose 80), Jenas, Milner (N'Zogbia 72), Kluivert (Robert 58), Ameobi.  Subs not used: Harper.  Bowyer (77).  Bowyer, Elliott, Bernard.  Kluivert 32.  43,856.  G Poll (Hertfordshire). 

Premier League probes Cole claims  The Premier League is to investigate allegations that Chelsea made an illegal approach for Ashley Cole.  Arsenal and England defender Cole reportedly met Blues boss Jose Mourinho and chief executive Peter Kenyon in a London hotel 10 days ago. Chelsea have yet to officially confirm or deny the meeting, which would be in breach of Premier League rule K3. Now the Gunners have asked for an inquiry to look into claims that their player has been "tapped up". The Premier League says it will look into "further information" concerning the allegations, which it received from the News of the World on Saturday. Both clubs have pledged to co-operate with the inquiry.  A statement from Chelsea read: "Chelsea can confirm it has been in discussions with the Premier League over the last few days and we will be co-operating fully with the inquiry announced today. "It would be inappropiate to make any further comment until the inquiry is completed." The Premier League's statement confirmed Arsenal had asked for the matter to be investigated. It read: "The board is finally able to establish a clear position from Arsenal and is grateful for chairman Peter Hill-Wood's confirmation that his club want the Premier League to investigate the matter and that they will co-operate fully with any inquiry. "The board is also pleased that Chelsea have given a similar undertaking." Gunners vice-chairman David Dein has voiced concern at Chelsea's stance on the issue, and told the News of the World: "From the evidence I have seen so far there is a huge credibility gap."  If Chelsea are found guilty of an illegal approach, they could be deducted points - although Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has said he would be opposed to this. Aston Villa were recently given a reprimand by the Premier League after Southampton complained about an approach to James Beattie earlier in the season. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho, speaking after his side's draw with Manchester City on Sunday, insisted he is not worried about the inquiry or its outcome. "To me, the effect is zero," he said. "I know nothing about it and I don't want to know about it. I'm not worried about it. My life is the same, trying to enjoy my work and my life." Meanwhile, Everton boss David Moyes told BBC Radio Five Live that stopping clubs from approaching players via their agents would be difficult. "It's part of football and will be very hard to change. It does happen a lot," he told BBC Radio Five Live's Sportsweek programme. "It should be manager to manager or chairman to chairman but the way modern football has gone I don't think that happens. "There is a way the player gets got to but that is part of football. I don't think it is right but that is the way it works." 

Corry backs skipper Robinson  England forward Martin Corry says Jason Robinson is the right man to lead the national team back to winning ways.  After losses to Wales and France, critics have started to wonder whether Robinson can captain from full-back. But Corry has backed Robinson, who was given the role after the injury to fly-half Jonny Wilkinson, ahead of this weekend's trip to Ireland. "Jason is doing a tremendous job. Every week my respect for him goes up," Corry told BBC Radio Five Live. "He is an inspirational captain. When he talks with the squad he talks with a lot of sense. "The players have a lot of respect for him. It's an honour to be in the England side and an honour to play under him."  England are under immense pressure following their poor start to the year and victory is vital if they are to rescue their Six Nations campaign. But Corry insists England are in the right frame of mind for the contest. "There is apprehension going into every game," he added. "But you have to use that fear and put it into a positive mindset. "When the whistle goes on Sunday, what has happened in the past does not count for anything.  "We have not performed but if we put in a performance on Sunday then we can start turning results around. "There are a lot of changes taking place with England and we are at the start of something. We have not got off to the greatest of starts but you need to experience the bad the before you can fully appreciate the good."  A trip to Lansdowne Road is daunting at any time, especially against an Ireland side that are flying high after two impressive wins. They are the form team of the tournament and are tipped to claim their first Grand Slam since 1948. But Corry is relishing the prospect of taking on the Irish in their own backyard. "They are full of confidence and are playing a great team game," he said. "The forwards are creating a great platform and they have explosive runners out wide. "If you look at the team on paper, they have stars from one to 15. It's a huge task but it is a great opportunity for us. "Lansdowne Road is a tremendous venue to play in and we have to use it to our advantage." 

Man Utd through after Exeter test  Manchester United avoided an FA Cup upset by edging past Exeter City in their third round replay.  Cristiano Ronaldo scored the opener, slipping the ball between Paul Jones' legs after just nine minutes. United wasted a host of chances to make it safe as Jones made some great saves, but Wayne Rooney put the tie beyond doubt late on with a cool finish. Exeter had chances of their own, Sean Devine twice volleying wide and Andrew Taylor forcing Tim Howard to save. United boss Sir Alex Ferguson was taking few chances after their 0-0 draw in the first game and he handed starts to Paul Scholes and Ryan as well as Ronaldo and Rooney. Exeter began brightly with Devine and Steve Flack seeing plenty of the ball, but it did not take United long to assert their authority and the hosts soon found themselves a goal down. Scholes played a lovely pass in to Ronaldo on the left-hand side of the six-yard box and the Portuguese winger slid the ball between the legs of Jones to open the scoring.  United sensed a chance to finish the tie as a contest early on and Ronaldo blazed over before Jones saved well from Scholes and then Rooney. The visitors' pressure by now was incessant and Rooney had another shot blocked while Ronaldo slammed well over the bar again from a good position. Just before the break Giggs had a golden chance to double the advantage, but the Welshman dragged a left-foot effort badly wide from 10 yards. In stoppage time Exeter created their best chance as Alex Jeannin swung in a cross from the left that Devine managed to flick goalwards, but the ball flew wide of Howard's goal. The Grecians came out after the break in determined fashion and Howard had to show safe hands to collect two searching crosses into the United box. Rooney looked like he might have sealed the result with a turn and shot but the ball stuck in the St James Park mud and Jones raced back to gather on the goalline. Moments later Devine had the chance to make himself a hero, but he could only volley Jeannin's brilliant cross wide of Howard's goal after being left unmarked six yards out. After Rooney had completely messed up a free-kick 20 yards out Taylor showed him how it should be done, his stunning drive from distance forcing a flying stop from Howard. The home crowd were baying for a goal and they did get the ball into the net only for Devine's low effort to be ruled out for an obvious offside. The persistent Rooney eventually rounded Jones with three minutes to go and slotted into an empty net to book a home tie with Middlesbrough in the fourth round.  Jones, Hiley, Sawyer, Gaia, Jeannin, Moxey, Taylor (Martin 89), Ampadu (Afful 69), Clay, Flack (Edwards 74), Devine. Subs Not Used: Rice, Todd.  Ampadu, Clay.  Howard, Phil Neville, Gary Neville, O'Shea, Fortune, Giggs (Saha 70), Miller (Fletcher 66), Scholes, Djemba-Djemba (Silvestre 80), Ronaldo, Rooney. Subs Not Used: Ricardo, Bellion.  Ronaldo 9, Rooney 87.  9,033.  P Dowd (Staffordshire). 

Dawson wins England squad recall  Wasps scrum-half Matt Dawson has been recalled to England's training squad ahead of the RBS Six Nations and been reinstated in the Elite Player Squad.  Coach Andy Robinson dropped Dawson for the autumn Tests after he missed training to film 'A Question of Sport.' "I always said I would consider bringing Matt back if I felt he was playing well," Robinson said. "He merits his return on current form." Newcastle's 18-year-old centre Mathew Tait is also in the training squad. "It's obviously an honour to be asked to train with England," said Tait, who has burst into contention recently. "I look forward to going down and doing the sessions, but the most important thing at the moment is Sunday's game against Newport, so I'm not looking any further than that." Robinson has invited 42 players to attend a three-day session in Leeds next week, in which his squad will train in part with the Leeds Rhinos rugby league squad.  With Mike Tindall ruled out of the opening two matches and Will Greenwood sidelined for the entire Six Nations, Tait is one of six or seven contenders for the two centre berths. Stuart Abbott, Jamie Noon, Ollie Smith, Olly Barkley and Henry Paul - who retains his place despite his early substitution against Australia - are also in the mix. Ben Cohen could also be considered after switching from the wing for his club Northampton recently. Prop Phil Vickery and lock Simon Shaw both return to the squad after missing the autumn Tests through injury, while Wasps wing Tom Voyce is recalled. The group also includes Bath flanker Andy Beattie and Leicester hooker George Chuter. "Beattie has matured greatly as a player these past two seasons," Robinson said. Jonny Wilkinson, Tindall and Martin Corry have all been included despite their unavailability for the opening two matches against Wales and France.  The revised 56-man elite squad includes Wasps hooker Phil Greening, who replaces the retired Mark Regan, and Sale wing Mark Cueto. Cueto was selected for the November internationals despite not being part of the group, but scored four tries in three England appearances. Leicester scrum-half Harry Ellis has also been promoted from the senior national academy, and will contest the number nine jersey with Dawson and Gloucester's Andy Gomarsall. The players in Robinson's elite squad can only play 32 matches for club and country. They can be called up for a total of 16 training days in addition to the recognised international weeks for each of the years leading up to the next World Cup.  Balshaw, Cohen, Cueto, Lewsey, Robinson, Simpson-Daniel, Voyce, Abbott, Noon, Paul, Smith, Tait, Tindall, Barkley, Hodgson, King, Wilkinson, Dawson, Ellis, Gomarsall.  Chuter, Thompson, Titterrell, Rowntree, Sheridan, Stevens, Vickery, White, Borthwick, Brown, L Deacon, Grewcock, Kay, Shaw, Beattie, Corry, Forrester, Hazell, Jones, Moody, Vyvyan, J Worsley.  Abbott, Balshaw, Borthwick, A Brown, Chuter, Cohen, Corry, Cueto, Dawson, Ellis, Flatman, Gomarsall, Greening, Greenwood, Grewcock, Hazell, Hill, Hodgson, Kay, King, Lewsey, Moody, Noon, Paul, Robinson, Rowntree, Shaw, Simpson-Daniel, Thompson, Tindall, Titterrell, Vickery, Vyvyan, White, Wilkinson, J Worsley, M Worsley.  Barkley, Beattie, Christophers, L Deacon, Forrester, C Jones, Palmer, Rees, Sheridan, Skinner, Smith, Stevens, Tait, Voyce.  Dowson, Haughton, Monye, Roques, P Sanderson. 

World XI win Tsunami match  Tsunami Appeal match, Melbourne: ICC World XI 344-8 beat Asian 232 XI by 111 runs  Ricky Ponting hit 115 in a massive total of 344-8 after electing to bat first in front of a crowd of 70,101. Rahul Dravid top-scored with 75 not out in the Asian XI reply, after Virender Sehwag's brisk 45. Daniel Vettori took 3-58 while England's Darren Gough took a wicket and a catch. Shane Warne had 2-27. The game, broadcast in 122 countries to an estimated global television audience of one billion, began with a minute's silence for the victims of the tsunami.  Australian Prime Minister John Howard tossed a coin to start the match. And afterwards the International Cricket Council chief executive, Malcolm Speed, paid tribute to the players for taking part. He said: "This signifies the game's compassion and commitment to provide as a much help as possible to enable the survivors of the Tsunami to rebuild their lives so far as this is possible." Ponting entertained the fans early on by hitting some big shots off Anil Kumble and Abdul Razzaq and the World XI's run rate was soon ticking along at a healthy rate. Chris Cairns (69) and Brian Lara (52) enjoyed themselves as a middle order packed with stars delivered the goods.  And there was plenty of time for the unorthodox - Australia tailender Glenn McGrath batted at number six, where he fell for a golden duck. Muttiah Muralitharan captured his wicket in overall figures of 3-59. It was a welcome comeback performance from the Sri Lankan who had been out injured for five months and who was almost caught up in the 26 December tragedy. Sehwag gave the Asian XI a good start as they reached 59-0 in the 10th over. But wickets regularly tumbled once he fell to a catch in the deep trying to hit Warne's second ball for six.  Vettori got stuck into the middle order where Dravid played a lone hand with only Kumar Sangakkara - Gough's sole victim - providing any meaningful support. The World XI were further boosted by the presence of Steve Waugh as a substitute fielder towards the end of the match. It was all wrapped up in the 40th over with the run out of Murali for a duck. Man of the match Ponting said: "The whole day has been very, very special. "It's great that the cricket community around the world can play a huge part to raise some money to put a smile on some faces around the world." Asian XI captain Sourav Ganguly said: "I hope we have contributed in whatever way we can to help the people who have suffered this disaster."  Sourav Ganguly (Ind/capt), Sanath Jayasuriya (SL), Virender Sehwag (Ind), Rahul Dravid (Ind), Yousuf Youhana (Pak), Kumar Sangakkara (SL), Abdul Razzaq (Pak), Chaminda Vaas (SL), Zaheer Khan (Ind), Anil Kumble (Ind), Muttiah Muralitharan (SL). Alok Kapali (Ban) 12th man, Sachin Tendulkar (Ind) 13th man.  Ricky Ponting (Aus/capt), Matthew Hayden (Aus), Adam Gilchrist (Aus), Stephen Fleming (NZ), Brian Lara (WI), Chris Gayle (WI), Chris Cairns (NZ), Shane Warne (Aus), Glenn McGrath (Aus), Darren Gough (Eng), Daniel Vettori (NZ). Dwayne Bravo (WI) 12th man.  Rudi Koertzen (SA), Billy Bowden (NZ) 

Fuming Robinson blasts officials  England coach Andy Robinson said he was "livid" after his side were denied two tries in Sunday's 19-13 Six Nations loss to Ireland in Dublin.  Mark Cueto's first-half effort was ruled out for offside before the referee spurned TV replays when England crashed over in the dying minutes. "[I'm] absolutely spitting. I'm livid. There's two tries we've been cost," Robinson told BBC Sport. "We've got to go back to technology. I don't know why we didn't." South African referee Jonathan Kaplan ruled that Cueto was ahead of Charlie Hodgson when the fly-half hoisted his cross-field kick for the Sale wing to gather.  Kaplan then declined the chance to consult the fourth official when Josh Lewsey took the ball over the Irish line under a pile of bodies for what could have been the game-winning try. "I think Mark Cueto scored a perfectly legal try and I think he should have gone to the video referee on Josh Lewsey," said Robinson. "It is how we use the technology. It is there, and it should be used.  "I am still trying to work out the Cueto try. I have looked at both, and they both looked tries. "We are very disappointed, and this will hurt, there is no doubt about that. "We are upset now, but the referee is in charge and he has called it his way and we have got to be able to cope with that.  "We did everything we could have done to win the game. I am very proud of my players and, with a couple of decisions, this could have been a very famous victory. "I thought we dominated. Matt Stevens had an awesome game at tighthead prop, while the likes of Charlie Hodgson, Martin Corry and Lewis Moody all came through well. "Josh Lewsey was awesome, and every one of the forwards stood up out there. Given the pressure we were under, credit must go to all the players. "We have done everything but win a game of rugby, but Ireland are a good side. They defended magnificently and they've got every chance of winning this Six Nations." England have lost their first three matches in this year's Six Nations and four out of their six games since Robinson took over from Sir Clive Woodward in September. 

ECB defends England tour schedule  The England and Wales Cricket Board has defended its role in the scheduling of the tour to South Africa.  Criticism of the itinerary intensified after England's defeat in Cape Town, the last of three back to back Tests. ECB director of cricket operations John Carr said: "We raised our eyebrows when he received the first draft from the South African Board. "Unfortunately, South Africa have got an incredibly condensed programme from last November to the end of May." South Africa toured India prior to England's arrival and will follow their departure with series against Zimbabwe and West Indies. "We need to play seven Test matches and 10 one-day internationals during the course of the home programme to generate the revenue that helps fund all of English cricket. "We are expected to reciprocate a similar amount of cricket over the winter months.  "Most years we manage that workload in a more acceptable way in terms of when the cricket is played. "It just so happens that the logistics of international cricket at the moment, and South Africa's programme in particular, meant ther whole of our tour had to be condensed into a very narrow period. "We weren't in a position to demand a reduction in the number of Test matches or one-day internationals," explained Carr. He acknowledged the schedule was "far from ideal" for the players and said the subject of their workload was "troubling" the various boards around the world. "We have to hold our hands up, along with the South African board, and say that this winter it hasn't been a satisfactory situation," Carr added.  Former England opening batsman Geoffrey Boycott described playing three Tests back to back as "madness" and said Carr and England coach Duncan Fletcher should never have agreed to it. But Graham Thorpe, at 35 the oldest member of the England Test squad, told the BBC there was no point in complaining about the schedule. "Three Test matches in three and a half weeks is a tough schedule, there's no doubt about that," he said. "In the first half of my career I'd go on tour and for four or five weeks and I wouldn't do anything bar playing a couple of warm-up games. "This is very different, we're basically playing five Test matches with no games in between. That's the way modern tours are now. "It's exciting. The games come thick and fast but there's very little time to find your form. "It's just a case of having to get on with it. We all knew how the tour was scheduled. "It's one all after three Test matches. We've taken a beating in Cape Town but there's no reason to be too down about it. These things happen in sport." 

Mourinho to escape FA charge  Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho will not face any Football Association action over the comments he made after their Carling Cup tie with Manchester United.  Mourinho intimated that United boss Sir Alex Ferguson influenced referee Neale Barry after the duo walked down the tunnel together at half-time. But an FA spokesman told BBC Sport: "We are not taking action over Mourinho. "We have looked at the comments and we have decided that no further action is required. That is the end of it." Mourinho was concerned that Ferguson's conversation with Barry was followed by an inconsistent display by the official. "I see one referee in the first half and another in the second," said Mourinho. "If the FA ask me what happened, I will tell them. What I saw and felt made it easier to understand a few things.  "Maybe when I turn 60 and have been managing in the same league for 20 years and have the respect of everybody I will have the power to speak to people and make them tremble a little bit. "The referee controlled the game in one way during the first half but in the second they had dozens of free-kicks. It was fault after fault, dive after dive. "But I know the referee did not walk to the dressing rooms alone at half-time. He should only have had his two assistants and the fourth official with him, but there was also someone else." Referees chief Keith Hackett believes Mourinho should retract his comments about Ferguson and Barry as he believes the Blues boss has questioned their integrity. "I'm hoping he might reconsider his comments, unfortunately this is the nature of the game," said Hackett. "I don't want referees or myself getting in the psychological warfare between two managers. For the second leg we have an experienced referee, and we should be talking about the quality of that game rather than the refereeing. "Sometimes managers have grounds for comments, and I note that, but a referees integrity has been questioned, that is offensive and should be avoided. Mr Mourinho should look at the facts." Mourinho added that the match was entertaining for a goalless draw and insisted his team could still reach the final. "It's 0-0, so if we win we go through and if we get a draw we go to extra time," he said. "We have exactly the same chance we had before this game. "We are confident of getting a result but we know what Manchester United is, a footballing power. It'll be difficult for us, but also for them." 

World XI triumph in tsunami match  Tsunami Appeal match, Melbourne: ICC World XI 344-8 beat Asian 232 XI by 112 runs  Ricky Ponting hit 115 in a massive total of 344-8 after electing to bat first in front of a crowd of 70,101. Rahul Dravid top-scored with 75 not out in the Asian XI reply, after Virender Sehwag's brisk 45. Daniel Vettori took 3-58 while England's Darren Gough took a wicket and a catch. Shane Warne had 2-27. The game, broadcast in 122 countries to an estimated global television audience of one billion, has already raised nearly £6 million for the relief effort.  Australian Prime Minister John Howard tossed a coin to start the match. And afterwards the International Cricket Council chief executive, Malcolm Speed, paid tribute to the players for taking part. He said: "This signifies the game's compassion and commitment to provide as a much help as possible to enable the survivors of the Tsunami to rebuild their lives so far as this is possible." Ponting entertained the fans early on by hitting some big shots off Anil Kumble and Abdul Razzaq and the World XI's run rate was soon ticking along at a healthy rate. Chris Cairns (69) and Brian Lara (52) enjoyed themselves as a middle order packed with stars delivered the goods.  And there was plenty of time for the unorthodox - Australia tailender Glenn McGrath batted at number six, where he fell for a golden duck. Muttiah Muralitharan captured his wicket in overall figures of 3-59. It was a welcome comeback performance from the Sri Lankan who had been out injured for five months and who was almost caught up in the 26 December tragedy. Sehwag gave the Asian XI a good start as they reached 59-0 in the 10th over. But wickets regularly tumbled once he fell to a catch in the deep trying to hit Warne's second ball for six.  Vettori got stuck into the middle order where Dravid played a lone hand with only Kumar Sangakkara - Gough's sole victim - providing any meaningful support. The World XI were further boosted by the presence of Steve Waugh as a substitute fielder towards the end of the match. It was all wrapped up in the 40th over with the run out of Murali for a duck. Man of the match Ponting said: "The whole day has been very, very special. "It's great that the cricket community around the world can play a huge part to raise some money to put a smile on some faces around the world." Asian XI captain Sourav Ganguly said: "I hope we have contributed in whatever way we can to help the people who have suffered this disaster."  Sourav Ganguly (Ind/capt), Sanath Jayasuriya (SL), Virender Sehwag (Ind), Rahul Dravid (Ind), Yousuf Youhana (Pak), Kumar Sangakkara (SL), Abdul Razzaq (Pak), Chaminda Vaas (SL), Zaheer Khan (Ind), Anil Kumble (Ind), Muttiah Muralitharan (SL). Alok Kapali (Ban) 12th man, Sachin Tendulkar (Ind) 13th man.  Ricky Ponting (Aus/capt), Matthew Hayden (Aus), Adam Gilchrist (Aus), Stephen Fleming (NZ), Brian Lara (WI), Chris Gayle (WI), Chris Cairns (NZ), Shane Warne (Aus), Glenn McGrath (Aus), Darren Gough (Eng), Daniel Vettori (NZ). Dwayne Bravo (WI) 12th man.  Rudi Koertzen (SA), Billy Bowden (NZ) 

Clyde 0-5 Celtic  Celtic brushed aside Clyde to secure their place in the Scottish Cup semi-final, but only after a nervy and testing first half.  The home side's Craig Bryson had a goal chopped off before Stan Varga headed Celtic into the lead. Alan Thompson scored from the penalty spot at the start of the second half after Shaun Maloney had been fouled. Stilian Petrov slid in a third, Varga tapped in his second and Craig Bellamy completed the rout with a fine drive. Bryn Halliwell was the busier keeper early on, saving from Bellamy, Chris Sutton and Juninho. Clyde had the ball in the net after half-an-hour through a tremendous strike from Bryson, but the referee had already blown for a foul by Petrov. From the resulting free kick, Darren Sheridan curled the ball round the Celtic wall only for the post to deny him. Back at the other end, Halliwell did well to come off his line and block Bellamy's effort to lift the ball over him. The keeper misjudged a corner that Stephane Henchoz headed wide, but a similar scenario five minutes before the break led to the opening goal. The ball was delivered from the left and Halliwell was left floundering as Varga glanced the ball into the net.  Maloney replaced the injured Sutton at half time and he marked his first competitive appearance after a year out injured by helping his side take a two-goal lead just after the break. The young striker fired a free kick straight into the Clyde wall but as he collected the rebound, he was tripped by Bryson and Thompson converted the penalty. Sheridan and Bellamy were involved in something of a flare-up that led to both being booked after the intervention of the assistant referee. Juninho brought out another good save from Halliwell and then Petrov saw a tremendous effort come off the top of the bar. But Petrov and Juninho combined brilliantly to allow the Bulgarian to make it 3-0 on the hour mark - a quick one-two giving him the time and space to steer the ball past Halliwell from 12 yards. Varga got his second goal of the game as Celtic drove home their advantage - Thompson whipped in a corner from the right and the unmarked defender simply tapped the ball over the line from a couple of yards out. Celtic were utterly dominant by this stage and Bellamy opened his scoring account for the club after a fine move involving Aiden McGeady, Jackie McNamara and Maloney culminated in the Welshman hammering the ball into the net. Halliwell kept the deficit at five by pushing a McGeady shot wide as the game petered out.  Halliwell, Mensing, Bollan, Balmer, Potter, Sheridan (Burns 61), Arbuckle (Gilhaney 61), Gibson, Bryson (Jones 78), Malone, Harty.  Morrison, Wilson.  Mensing, Sheridan.  Douglas, Henchoz, McNamara, Balde, Varga, Juninho Paulista, Thompson, Lennon (Lambert 70), Sutton (Maloney 45), Petrov (McGeady 70), Bellamy.  Marshall, Laursen.  Thompson, Bellamy.  : Varga 40, Thompson 48 pen, Petrov 60, Varga 68, Bellamy 72.  8,200  C Thomson 

TV calls after Carroll error  Spurs boss Martin Jol said his team were "robbed" at Manchester United after Pedro Mendes' shot clearly crossed the line but was not given.  "The referee is already wearing an earpiece so why can't we just stop the game and get the decision right," said Jol after the 0-0 draw. "But at the end of the day it's so obvious that Pedro's shot was over the line it's incredible. "We feel robbed but it's difficult for the linesman and referee to see it." Mendes shot from 50 yards and United goalkeeper Roy Carroll spilled the ball into his own net before hooking it clear. Jol added: "We are not talking about the ball being a couple of centimetres or an inch or two over the line, it was a metre inside the goal. "What really annoys me is that we are here in 2005, watching something on a TV monitor within two seconds of the incident occurring and the referee isn't told about it.  "We didn't play particularly well but I am pleased - even now - with a point, although we should have had three." Mendes could not believe the 'goal' was not given after seeing a replay. He said: "My reaction on the pitch was to celebrate. "It was a very nice goal, it was clearly over the line - I've never seen one so over the line and not given in my career. "It's really, really over. What can you do but laugh about it? It's a nice goal and one to keep in my memory even though it didn't count. "It's not every game you score from the halfway line." Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson sympathised with Tottenham and said the incident highlighted the need for video technology. "I think it hammers home what a lot of people have been asking for and that's that technology should play a part in the game," Ferguson told MUTV. "What I was against originally was the time factor in video replays. "But I read an article the other day which suggested that if a referee can't make up his mind after 30 seconds of watching a video replay then the game should carry on.  "Thirty seconds is about the same amount of time it takes to organise a free-kick or take a corner or a goal-kick. So you wouldn't be wasting a lot of time. "I think you could start off by using it for goal-line decisions. I think that would be an opening into a new area of football." Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger also used the incident to highlight the need for video technology. "When the whole world apart from the referee has seen there should be a goal at Old Trafford, that just reinforces what I feel - there should be video evidence," said Wenger. "It's a great example of where the referee could have asked to see a replay and would have seen in five seconds that it was a goal." 

Bayern Munich 3-1 Arsenal  Arsenal's Champions League hopes hang by a thread after a nightmare performance against Bayern Munich.  Claudio Pizarro took advantage of Kolo Toure's mistake to volley Bayern ahead after only four minutes. And Pizarro profited from more poor defending by Toure to head Mehmet Scholl's free kick past goalkeeper Jens Lehmann 12 minutes after half-time. Hasan Salihamidzic volleyed a third on 64 minutes, but Toure pulled a vital goal back with only two minutes left. It salvaged something from a dreadful display by Arsene Wenger's side, and the fact that they failed to create a serious chance until the final minutes underlines the size of the task they face in the second leg at Highbury. The Gunners were forced to restrict Ashley Cole to a place on the bench when he failed to recover from a virus - and their problems worsened inside four minutes. Oliver Kahn's long clearance was met by a poor headed clearance by Toure, and Pizarro met it first time on the volley from 12 yards to give Jens Lehmann no chance. Arsenal had failed to make any attacking impact, and they lost another key figure 10 minutes before the interval, when Edu limped off with a hamstring injury to be replaced by Mathieu Flamini. Their first moment of threat came four minutes before the interval, when Gael Clichy's shot was deflected narrowly wide with Kahn well beaten.  Lehmann, jeered throughout by the Bayern crowd because of his bad relationship with Germany's number one goalkeeper and arch-rival Kahn, came to Arsenal's rescue after 51 minutes. Ze Roberto's cross was met on the full by Roy Makaay, and Lehmann reacted brilliantly to turn his effort over the top. But there was no escape after 57 minutes as Bayern doubled their lead, and it was another nightmare moment for Toure. Pizarro lost Toure from Scholl's free-kick and he headed powerfully past Lehmann, who had no chance. And Bayern were out of sight seven minutes later as Arsenal's Champions League hopes looked to have been extinguished. Lehmann could only palm out Martin Demichelis' cross, and Salihamidzic finished with a flourish with a side-footed volley at the far post. But Arsenal grabbed at a slender lifeline when Toure bundled home from close range after Patrick Vieira had hit the post.  Kahn, Sagnol, Kovac, Lucio, Lizarazu, Demichelis, Salihamidzic (Hargreaves 74), Frings, Ze Roberto (Scholl 57), Makaay, Pizarro (Guerrero 68). Subs Not Used: Rensing, Jeremies, Linke, Schweinsteiger.  Demichelis, Kovac.  Pizarro 3, 58, Salihamidzic 65.  Lehmann, Lauren, Toure, Cygan, Clichy (Cole 83), Ljungberg (Van Persie 76), Vieira, Edu (Flamini 36), Pires, Reyes, Henry. Subs Not Used: Almunia, Fabregas, Senderos, Larsson.  Vieira, Lauren.  Toure 88.  59,000.  Kim Milton Nielsen (Denmark). 

Castaignede fires Laporte warning  Former France fly-half Thomas Castaignede has warned the pressure is mounting on coach Bernard Laporte following their defeat by Wales.  France suffered a shock loss against the Welsh at the weekend after looking on course for an easy win. Castaignede told BBC Sport: "The pressure is big on Laporte after a huge loss to New Zealand, a slim win over Scotland and a miracle against England. "But the French have to get behind him and the team at Lansdowne Road." Following victories over South Africa and Australia in November, France were deemed by many to be the world's leading side. But they were then trounced 45-6 by New Zealand and only just beat Scotland after the Scots had a try disallowed in their Six Nations opener. It then took some woeful spot kicking from Charlie Hodgson and Olly Barkley to help them to victory against England at Twickenham. &lt;  Castaignede said: "You can't say any of those results have eased the pressure on Laporte. "Had England's kickers not been so bad, the position in the Six Nations would be very different now." Laporte has been criticised for France's negative tactics in their wins over Scotland and England. But his side played a more free-flowing style against Wales, making a mockery of the opposition's defence in the first half before suffering a shock turnaround in fortunes after the interval. "All the chat in France has been about how France will play against Ireland," said Castaignede ahead of the 12 March tie. "Everyone wants to see the sort of play we saw against Wales. But everyone also wants a win." Castaignede, a veteran of 43 international caps, admitted the French would go in as underdogs against Ireland.  "Going to Ireland is never easy but the way they're playing right now, it's harder than ever," said Castaignede. "They're very experienced and don't often lose at home. They've got some great forwards and some electric runners on the break." Despite praising the Irish he claimed the Welsh had the upper hand in the Six Nations run-in. "Ireland have such a good pack but Wales are something else on the break," he added. "At the weekend they were simply awesome. As a Frenchman it was disappointing to see, but you had to admire it. "Their commitment to every cause can make them win this championship." The 30-year-old also tipped Yann Delaigue to start ahead of Frederic Michalak at number 10 after an impressive display in Paris last weekend. "Delaigue played really well and admittedly Michalak played well too," said Castaignede. "I'm just glad I'm not the one who has to make the decision." 

Souness backs Smith for Scotland  Graeme Souness believes Walter Smith would be the perfect choice to succeed Berti Vogts as Scotland manager.  Souness's former assistant at Rangers is hot favourite to take over from Vogts, who resigned on Monday. "Walter is most definitely the ideal candidate for that job. He'd be perfect for it," Souness told BBC Sport. The Scottish Football Association has appointed Tommy Burns as provisional caretaker-boss for the friendly against Sweden on 17 November. "He fits the bill because of his knowledge and understanding of the Scotland team and football. He is experienced and has been successful." Souness added: "Walter is a real football person, as I know from working with him at Ibrox. "On top of all that he is a proper human being who would command the instant respect of the players and everyone involved in Scottish football." Souness joined Sir Alex Ferguson in backing Smith's claims. The Scottish Football Association is about to embark on the search for Vogts successor after appointing Tommy Burns in a caretaker capacity. Ferguson said: "He (Smith) would be the outstanding candidate as far as I'm concerned. "You need somebody who knows what they're doing and Walter would bring a wealth of experience to the job." The Man Utd boss continued: "I don't know what credentials are needed to do the job but it's a job that needs a lot of experience. "He was my assistant with Scotland and here at Manchester United and he has also managed Glasgow Rangers. "He would need to change the whole shape of Scottish football and radical changes are needed." Smith was assistant to Ferguson at the World Cup in Mexico in 1986. The former Everton and Rangers boss has been out of the game since a spell as Manchester United assistant last term. BBC Sport understands that Smith would be willing to discuss taking over if he was approached by the Scottish FA.  If he is tempted to take over, it seems almost certain Smith's long-time right-hand man Archie Knox would also play a part in the national team set-up. Smith already has the backing of many pundits and fans, including former Scotland manager Craig Brown. Brown said: "Walter is an outstanding candidate without doubt. "He would be admirable choice. I spoke to him on Sunday and I got the impression he would take it. He was asking me about it and I was positive." Other candidates for the job include former Scotland midfielders Gordon Strachan and Gary McAllister and Vogts' assistant Tommy Burns. 

Eriksson warned on Cole comments  Premier League bosses have told England manager Sven-Goran Eriksson to keep out of the 'tapping-up' row.  Eriksson defended players' rights to talk to other clubs following allegations that Arsenal's Ashley Cole had a secret meeting with Chelsea. But a Premier League spokesman said the rules are very clear on the subject. He said: "A professional footballer under contract doesn't have the right to speak to another club without the permission of his current employer." The spokesman added: "The Premier League rules are clear on that. There is an ongoing inquiry into this matter and if it is proven that the rules have been broken then the guilty parties are liable to be punished."  The Premier League is set to investigate whether Chelsea held a secret meeting with the Arsenal defender last month. Eriksson earlier said he was unconcerned if reports that Chelsea made an illegal approach prove to be true. He said: "As a professional footballer it must be your right to listen if some other work is available. "We don't live in a dictatorship, we're in a democracy. It's the same in other professions but normally no problem."  He added: "Loyalty is important but contracts end and that is life in football." But former England boss Graham Taylor believes Eriksson should not get embroiled in the club issues. Taylor told BBC Radio Five Live: "I found that when I was England manager, it was somewhat unwise to get yourself involved in club matters and I don't think the club managers will take too kindly to Sven's comments." Eriksson was himself embroiled in controversy in similar circumstances when he was caught secretly meeting Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon in March 2004.  He then agreed a contract extension on improved terms with the Football Association and insisted he had done nothing wrong. At the time he argued: "I think that I have human rights to listen to other clubs. You can never convince me I shouldn't have that right. I haven't let anyone down by listening to anyone else. "I never ever talked about money or a contract to any club. I only ever talked about whether there were possibilities if I left the FA. "I think that I have the right to do that. I think that should be allowed, even if you are England manager. It is common sense and a normal work ethic. "If some people think that's disloyal, I'm sorry about that. But to have this job is not just about sitting there, year after year, waiting to be sacked." 

India's top six secure - Ganguly  Captain Sourav Ganguly has revealed India will not be tempted into tinkering with their batting order for the first Test against Pakistan.  "Our batting order for the Tests is fixed. There are no changes from number three to six," Ganguly told BBC Sport. It means Rahul Dravid will remain at number three and VVS Laxman at six, despite the latter averaging 53.5 at first drop in Test cricket. "To be honest, Dravid has batted better than Laxman at three," Ganguly added. "If you ask any batsman, he would like to bat higher up, as it gives a greater opportunity to score. "While batting lower down the order, you have to play more with the tail." Ganguly gave his backing to Gautam Gambhir, banishing speculation Yuvraj Singh could be asked to open the batting again after a failed experiment against Australia last year.  "I feel there is no born opener - the team has to find one," he stated. "Look at Justin Langer, he was not an opener, but how well the Aussies have groomed him. Virender Sehwag is a settled opener now both in Tests and one-dayers, and Gambhir is doing well. "In a year's time, we should have a settled opening pair." Sachin Tendulkar, who will bat at number four with Ganguly at five, also received the support of his skipper despite concerns over fitness and form. "When Sachin says he is 100 percent fit, he is, and nobody has a right to talk about the form of a man who has 70 international hundreds." With wicket-keeper Dinesh Karthik to come in at number seven, India are left with just four spots for bowlers - suggesting Yuvraj could miss out.  Mohali, which will host the first Test starting on 8 March, is known as a seam-friendly pitch and India have included four pacemen in their 14-man squad. In addition to spinners Anil Kumble and Harbhajan Singh, India will be forced to choose from the pace quartet of Irfan Pathan, Zaheer Khan, Ashish Nehra and Lakshmipathy Balaji. "In Kumble and Harbhajan, we have two world class spinners and at the moment there is no place for a third one," Ganguly said. "Our seam attack had done particularly well during the Pakistan tour last year, and we will select the final eleven after having a look at the wickets in Mohali, which has had a record of a seaming track." Ganguly refused to get carried away with the fact Pakistan's pace attack has been depleted with the absence of Shoaib Akhtar through injury.  "I feel Pakistan has a young and fit team, which is hungry for success. In my view they have done the right thing by bringing a fit team, rather than bringing injured players," he said. "It is better to have a fully fit team than having an injured Shoaib Akhtar or even Don Bradman for that matter. "I do not agree with those who say Pakistan's team is weak and has given India a walkover. "It will be a tough series and the next 50 days will be a treat for fans of both sides." 

Ireland 17-12 South Africa  Ronan O'Gara scored all Ireland's points as the home side claimed only their second ever win over South Africa on an emotional day at Lansdowne Road.  O'Gara's first-half try, poached after a quick tap-penalty, helped the Irish to a 8-3 lead at half-time. Three further O'Gara penalties extended Ireland's lead to 17-6 as the game entered the final quarter. Two Percy Montgomery penalties set up a frantic finish but Ireland held out to claim a famous victory. Ireland began strongly and were never led, but the match was tense and closely fought throughout. Aware of the threat posed by the South Africans, Ireland pressed hard from the outset, and played some impressive rugby while searching for a breakthrough. Early on, Denis Hickie thought he was in for a try after a delightful backline move but Shane Horgan's pass was adjudged to have gone forward by referee Paul Honiss.  Ireland continued to press and they showed their intent by opting for a line-out in the 19th minute when three straight-forward points were on offer. Another South African infringement a minute later led to Ireland's first points - O'Gara took a quick tap-penalty and charged over the opposition line for an Irish try. The Springboks could feel hard done by as captain John Smit had his back to the play when O'Gara pounced after referee Honiss had told the skipper to warn his own players after consistent infringements. Stung by the score, the South Africans almost replied with a try of their own within 60 seconds with Geordan Murphy's ankle-tap tackle denying a certain try for Percy Montgomery. However, the Springboks did win a penalty a minute later which Montgomery easily slotted to cut Ireland's lead to 5-3.  Ireland got out of jail when the South Africans had a three-to-one overlap near the Irish line only to waste the chance. After the sustained Springboks pressure, the Irish produced an attack of their own in the 34th minute which culminated with O'Gara's clever drop-goal to restore his side's lead to five points which remained the margin at half-time. Sustained Irish pressure immediately after half-time was rewarded by another O'Gara penalty. However, Montgomery responded quickly by slotting over a superb penalty from near the right touchline to cut Ireland's lead to five points again. Montgomery then burst through the Irish defence in the 48th minute and it took a superb Girvan Dempsey tackle to prevent a try. The South Africans suffered a double-blow in the 52nd minute when Schalk Burger was sin-binned for the second week in a row after killing the ball and O'Gara punished the transgression by notching another penalty.  In the 61st minute, Hickie was left frustrated by a poor pass from Girvan Dempsey as a chance to seal the match was wasted. However, a late tackle on Brian O'Driscoll enabled O'Gara to notch another penalty in the 63rd minute which extended Ireland's lead to 17-6. However, two Montgomery penalties had Ireland's lead in peril again as the Springboks closed to within five points with seven minutes remaining. South Africa produced a huge effort in the closing minutes but Ireland held on to claim a deserved victory.  G Dempsey; G Murphy, B O'Driscoll (capt), S Horgan, D Hickie; R O'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes, M O'Kelly, P O'Connell, S Easterby, J O'Connor, A Foley.  F Sheahan, M Horan, D O'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, K Maggs.  : P Montgomery; B Paulse, M Joubert, De Wet Barry, A Willemse, J van der Westhuyzen; F Du Preez; O Du Randt, J Smit (captain), E Andrews, B Botha, V Matfield, S Burger, AJ Venter, J van Niekerk.  : H Shimange, CJ van der Linde, G Britz, D Rossouw, M Claassens, J de Villiers, G du Toit/J Fourie.  Paul Honiss (New Zealand) 

Greene sets sights on world title  Maurice Greene aims to wipe out the pain of losing his Olympic 100m title in Athens by winning a fourth World Championship crown this summer.  He had to settle for bronze in Greece behind fellow American Justin Gatlin and Francis Obikwelu of Portugal. "It really hurts to look at that medal. It was my mistake. I lost because of the things I did," said Greene, who races in Birmingham on Friday. "It's never going to happen again. My goal - I'm going to win the worlds." Greene crossed the line just 0.02 seconds behind Gatlin, who won in 9.87 seconds in one of the closest and fastest sprints of all time. But Greene believes he lost the race and his title in the semi-finals. "In my semi-final race, I should have won the race but I was conserving energy. "That's when Francis Obikwelu came up and I took third because I didn't know he was there. "I believe that's what put me in lane seven in the final and, while I was in lane seven, I couldn't feel anything in the race.  "I just felt like I was running all alone. "I believe if I was in the middle of the race I would have been able to react to people that came ahead of me." Greene was also denied Olympic gold in the 4x100m men's relay when he could not catch Britain's Mark Lewis-Francis on the final leg. The Kansas star is set to go head-to-head with Lewis-Francis again at Friday's Norwich Union Grand Prix. The pair contest the 60m, the distance over which Greene currently holds the world record of 6.39 seconds. He then has another indoor meeting in France before resuming training for the outdoor season and the task of recapturing his world title in Helsinki in August. Greene believes Gatlin will again prove the biggest threat to his ambitions in Finland. But he also admits he faces more than one rival for the world crown. "There's always someone else coming. I think when I was coming up I would say there was me and Ato (Boldon) in the young crowd," Greene said. "Now you've got about five or six young guys coming up at the same time." 

England pondering line-up  First one-day international, Johannesburg South Africa v England  Play starts Sunday, 0800 GMT  Ian Bell, Kevin Pietersen and Kabir Ali all performed so well in the warm-up win over South Africa A as to give captain Michael Vaughan some dilemmas. Vaughan admired Pietersen's 97 off 84 balls on Thursday. He said: "The players are still talking about his innings so it must have been special. "You certainly want any guy who can clear the ropes in your team." Vaughan, set to bat at four with Pietersen a spot lower in the order, added: "Kevin is a character, someone who is very confident and doesn't mind having a word. I like that. "But Sunday's a big selection to make because Ian Bell and Pietersen played so well in Kimberley, and Kabir Ali bowled well. "We will have a few new players on Sunday and it will be a big opportunity for them to try to establish themselves in the team. "It will also be a great experience for them as we build for the World Cup in a couple of years time."  Bell anchored England's win in Kimberley with an accomplished unbeaten 87. His best chance of playing would perhaps be to dislodge Vikram Solanki and provide Marcus Trescothick with a new opening partner. But England have shown long-term patience with Solanki even though he has almost always been inconsistent. Kabir, who took 4-40 on Thursday, features in a squad rich in seam bowlers, with Matthew Hoggard and Simon Jones both rested for the warm-up. Vaughan predicted the seven-match one-day series would be tightly contested, even though South Africa have fallen to seventh in the ICC rankings. "It's going to be tough because they're a good team, especially at home, who bat very deep. They've got so many all-rounders. "But their record is not so great in the last year, so that's something for us to aim at."  South Africa captain Graeme Smith defended his team's recent record, despite the fact they have won just two of their last 13 one-day internationals. He said: "It's been difficult, but we've been playing a lot in the sub-continent. In our own conditions we've got a good record in one-day cricket." The captain confirmed he would open the batting with Herschelle Gibbs. Smith said his team were "not too fussed" about the probable inclusion in the England team of batsman Kevin Pietersen, who was born in KwaZulu-Natal. "He enjoys the attention, but we will just have to knock him over early," said Smith. "It will be easier to have him sitting in the changing-room and then we will not get banned if we abuse him."  M Vaughan (capt), Kabir Ali, J Anderson, G Batty, I Bell, P Collingwood, A Giles, D Gough, S Harmison, M Hoggard, G Jones (wkt), S Jones, K Pietersen, V Solanki, A Strauss, M Trescothick, A Wharf.  G Smith (capt), A Bacher, N Boje, M Boucher (wkt), AB de Villiers, H Gibbs, A Hall, J Kallis, J Kemp, C Langeveldt, A Nel, M Ntini, A Prince, S Pollock, J Rudolph. 

Umaga ready for Lions  All Blacks captain Tama Umaga has warned the British and Irish Lions will be his most fearsome opponents yet ahead of their summer tour.  But Umaga, in England for Saturday's IRB Rugby Aid match, also backed New Zealand to win the three-Test series against the Lions. He told BBC Sport: "It's potentially the most fearsome line-up I've ever come up against. They're awesome. "But I'd back us all the way to beat them when they come over." Lions boss Sir Clive Woodward is set to announce his squad for the June-July tour next month.  When Woodward was appointed last year, it was widely believed he would rely heavily on his former England players. But Umaga said: "He'd be hard pushed to do that now considering the shape of the Six Nations. "Don't get me wrong, England have got a lot of talented guys and I'm sure there are some of them who'll make the Lions Test XV. "But you can't disguise Wales and Ireland in particular. Some of the tries they've scored have been great. I'll admit it'll be fairly awesome lining up against the likes of Brian O'Driscoll."  Umaga will meet O'Driscoll in Saturday's Rugby Aid match at Twickenham, with the Irish captain leading the Northern Hemisphere side. O'Driscoll is among a host of players in the Northern Hemisphere squad, coached by Woodward, that are tipped for Lions call-ups. "It'll be good for us to get an early idea of some of these guys, although a lot can change between now and June," Umaga said. The 31-year-old admitted interest in the Lions tour was immense, calling it "the biggest thing to hit New Zealand since Lord of the Rings". He added: "As players, it's enough for us to be driven by the rarity of playing the Lions. In fact, it's not just us All Blacks - it's the talk of the country."  Umaga admitted the fear of injury weighed on his mind ahead of Saturday's charity game, which features a host of big names including George Gregan, Andrew Mehrtens and Chris Latham. But he admitted the value of the cause - proceeds of the match will go to aiding victims of the tsunami - easily won him over. "The second [Southern Hemisphere coach] Rod Macqueen made the approach, I didn't hesitate. It was great when New Zealand Rugby then gave me the all clear. "Thankfully I didn't know anyone that was involved in the tragedy of the tsunami but you couldn't miss all the horrific reports on the news. "There are so many people that were affected, are still affected and will be affected for a long time. It's just good to know we can do something minor to help out."  - The match will be televised on BBC One at 1400 GMT on Saturday. 

Henman to face Saulnier test  British number one Tim Henman will face France's Cyril Saulnier in the first round of next week's Australian Open.  Greg Rusedski, the British number two, is in the same quarter of the draw and could face Andy Roddick in the second round if he beats Swede Jonas Bjorkman. Local favourite Lleyton Hewitt will meet France's Arnaud Clement, while defending champion and world number one Roger Federer faces Fabrice Santoro. Women's top seed Lindsay Davenport drew Spanish veteran Conchita Martinez.  Henman came from two sets down to defeat Saulnier in the first round of the French Open last year, so he knows he faces a tough test in Melbourne. The seventh seed, who has never gone beyond the quarter-finals in the year's first major and is lined up to meet Roddick in the last eight, is looking forward to the match. "He's tough player on any surface, he's got a lot of ability," he said. "We had a really tight one in Paris that went my way so I'm going to need to play well from the outset because he's a dangerous competitor." Switzerland's Federer, seeded one, is the hot favourite having won three of the four grand slam titles in 2004. He has beaten Santoro in five of their seven previous encounters, but is taking nothing for granted. "It's a tricky match," Federer said. "I played him at the US Open and won quite comfortably then. But you never know, if the rhythm is a bit off, he can keep you guessing and make it difficult. "The most important thing, though, is to get used to playing five-set matches and winning them." The 23-year-old could meet four-time champion Andre Agassi in the quarter-finals before meeting Russian Marat Safin, the player he beat in last year's final.  Eighth-seeded American Agassi is set to play a qualifier in round one if he can shake off a hip injury which ruled him out of the Kooyong Classic. Second seed Andy Roddick will open his campaign against Irakli Labadze of Georgia. The American could meet Rusedski in the second round, seventh seed Henman in the quarter-finals and Hewitt in the last four. Hewitt is hoping to become the first Australian man to win the event since Mark Edmondson in 1976. The 23-year-old has never been beyond round four in eight attempts at Melbourne Park but has at least secured the opposite half of the draw to Federer, who beat him in the Australian Open, Wimbledon and US Open last year. Safin, seeded four, opens his campaign against a qualifier with 16th seed Tommy Haas, the player he beat in the semi-finals in 2002, a possible fourth-round opponent.  In the women's draw, Davenport could encounter eighth-seeded Venus Williams in the quarter-finals and third-ranked Anastasia Myskina, the French Open champion, in the semi-finals. Bronchitis ruled Davenport, the 2000 Australian Open champion, out of her Sydney quarter-final on Thursday. Venus Williams, who lost to younger sister Serena in the Melbourne final two years ago, opens against Eleni Daniilidou of Greece. Serena Williams, who won her fourth consecutive grand slam at the 2003 Australian Open, was drawn in the bottom quarter with second seed Amelie Mauresmo, a runner-up in 1999. Serena will open against another Frenchwoman Camille Pin, while Mauresmo plays Australia's Samantha Stosur. Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova, seeded fourth, drew a qualifier in the first round but could meet fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova, the US Open winner, in the last eight  1 Roger Federer (Switzerland)  2 Andy Roddick (US)  3 Lleyton Hewitt (Australia)  4 Marat Safin (Russia)  5 Carlos Moya (Spain)  6 Guillermo Coria (Argentina)  7 Tim Henman (Britain)  8 Andre Agassi (US)  9 David Nalbandian (Argentina)  10 Gaston Gaudio (Argentina)  11 Joachim Johansson (Sweden)  12 Guillermo Canas (Argentina)  13 Tommy Robredo (Spain)  14 Sebastien Grosjean (France)  15 Mikhail Youzhny (Russia)  16 Tommy Haas (Germany)  17 Andrei Pavel (Romania)  18 Nicolas Massu (Chile)  19 Vincent Spadea (US)  20 Dominik Hrbaty (Slovakia)  21 Nicolas Kiefer (Germany)  22 Ivan Ljubicic (Croatia)  23 Fernando Gonzalez (Chile)  24 Feliciano Lopez (Spain)  25 Juan Ignacio Chela (Argentina)  26 Nikolay Davydenko (Russia)  27 Paradorn Srichaphan (Thailand)  28 Mario Ancic (Croatia)  29 Taylor Dent (US)  30 Thomas Johansson (Sweden)  31 Juan Carlos Ferrero (Spain)  32 Jurgen Melzer (Austria)  1 Lindsay Davenport (US)  2 Amelie Mauresmo (France)  3 Anastasia Myskina (Russia)  4 Maria Sharapova (Russia)  5 Svetlana Kuznetsova (Russia)  6 Elena Dementieva (Russia)  7 Serena Williams (US)  8 Venus Williams (US)  9 Vera Zvonareva (Russia)  10 Alicia Molik (Australia)  11 Nadia Petrova (Russia)  12 Patty Schnyder (Switzerland)  13 Karolina Sprem (Croatia)  14 Francesca Schiavone (Italy)  15 Silvia Farina Elia (Italy)  16 Ai Sugiyama (Japan)  17 Fabiola Zuluaga (Colombia)  18 Elena Likhovtseva (Russia)  19 Nathalie Dechy (France)  20 Tatiana Golovin (France)  21 Amy Frazier (US)  22 Magdalena Maleeva (Bulgaria)  23 Jelena Jankovic (Serbia and Montenegro)  24 Mary Pierce (France)  25 Lisa Raymond (US)  26 Daniela Hantuchova (Slovakia)  27 Anna Smashnova (Israel)  28 Shinobu Asagoe (Japan)  29 Gisela Dulko (Argentina)  30 Flavia Pennetta (Italy)  31 Jelena Kostanic (Croatia)  32 Iveta Benesova (Czech Republic) 

Hodgson shoulders England blame  Fly-half Charlie Hodgson admitted his wayward kicking played a big part in England's 18-17 defeat to France.  Hodgson failed to convert three penalties and also missed a relatively easy drop goal attempt which would have given England a late win. "I'm very disappointed with the result and with my myself," Hodgson said. "It is very hard to take but it's something I will have to get through and come back stronger. My training's been good but it just didn't happen." Hodgson revealed that Olly Barkley had taken three penalties because they were "out of my range" but the centre could not convert his opportunities either, particularly the drop goal late on. "It wasn't a good strike," he added. "I felt as soon as it hit my boot it had missed. It's very disappointing, but I must recover." Andy Robinson said he would "keep working on the kicking" with his squad. However, the England coach added that he would take some positives from the defeat.  "We went out to play and played some very good rugby and what have France done?" he said. "They won the game from kicking penalties from our 10m line. "It's very frustrating. The lads showed a lot of ambition in the first half, they went out to sustain it in the second but couldn't build on it. "We took the ball into contact, and you know when you do that it is a lottery whether the referee is going to give the penalty to your side or the other side. "We have lost a game we should have won. There is a fine line between winning and losing, and for the second week we've been on the wrong side of that line and it hurts."  England went in at half-time with a 17-6 lead but they failed to score in the second half and Dimitri Yachvili slotted over four penalties as France overhauled the deficit. England skipper Jason Robinson admitted his side failed to cope with France's improved second-half display.  "We controlled the game in the first half but we knew that they would come out and try everything after half-time," he said. "We made a lot of mistakes in the second half and they punished us. They took their chances when they came. "It's very disappointing. Last week we lost by two points, now one point." 

Ireland surge past Scots  Ireland maintained their Six Nations Grand Slam ambitions with an impressive victory over Scotland at Murrayfield.  Hugo Southwell's try gave the Scots an early 8-0 lead but scores from locks Malcolm O'Kelly and Paul O'Connell put the visitors in command by half-time. A third try from wing Denis Hickie and third penalty from Ronan O'Gara, who kicked 13 points, extended the lead. Jon Petrie scored a second try for Scotland but late scores from John Hayes and Gavin Duffy sealed victory. After two hard-earned away victories, Eddie O'Sullivan' side can now look forward to welcoming England to Lansdowne Road in a fortnight. Scotland will try to give their coach Matt Williams a first Six Nations victory when Italy come to Edinburgh, but they again struggled to turn pressure into points. The home side started with tremendous intensity and dominated territory and possession in the opening 10 minutes. A powerful charge from flanker Jason White was carried on by Ali Hogg and when Ireland conceded a penalty close to their own line, Scotland kicked it to touch. The Irish defence foiled the home side on that occasion, but a stray hand in a ruck allowed Paterson to stroke over a penalty in the eighth minute.  If that was a paltry reward for their early pressure, Scotland got the try they deserved when Paterson's searing break and Andy Craig's pass sent Southwell streaking to the right corner. Paterson was off target with the conversion and fly-half Dan Parks then missed a presentable drop-goal attempt. Ireland got themselves on the scoreboard with an O'Gara penalty and by the 24th minute the visitors were ahead. Stuart Grimes pulled down O'Kelly at a line-out, Ireland kicked the penalty to touch and from the set-piece, the big lock was driven over by the rest of his pack.  O'Gara added the conversion and a further penalty, after Shane Horgan almost grabbed a second try from O'Gara's chip to the corner, only for the ball to spill from his hand. But Ireland still delivered a hammer blow to Scotland's hopes just before the interval. O'Connell - skipper in the absence of Brian O'Driscoll - powered through Parks' weak tackle after a free-kick from a scrummage to burrow over.  Scotland suffered a further blow on the resumption when Ireland flanker Johnny O'Connor won another vital turnover, and O'Gara's basketball pass sent Hickie over in the left corner. O'Gara converted and then thumped over a 40m penalty to give the visitors a commanding 28-8 advantage. Scotland looked bereft of ideas but a half-break from Paterson sparked them back to life just before the hour. Stuart Grimes won a line-out and a well-worked move saw Petrie scuttle round the side of the ruck to dive over in the left corner. But it proved a false dawn, and Ireland reasserted their authority in the final 10 minutes. Peter Stringer and O'Kelly combined to put giant prop Hayes over in the right corner before replacement Gavin Duffy scorched away on the left, David Humphreys adding the final flourish with a touchline conversion.  : C Paterson; S Danielli, A Craig, H Southwell, S Lamont; D Parks, C Cusiter; T Smith, G Bulloch (capt), G Kerr; S Grimes, S Murray; J White, A Hogg, J Petrie.  R Russell, B Douglas, N Hines, J Dunbar, M Blair, G Ross, B Hinshelwood.  G Murphy; G Dempsey, S Horgan, K Maggs, D Hickie, R O'Gara, P Stringer; R Corrigan, S Byrne, J Hayes, M O'Kelly, P O'Connell, S Easterby, J O'Connor, A Foley.  F Sheahan, M Horan, D O'Callaghan, E Miller, G Easterby, D Humphreys, G Duffy.  Joel Jutge (France) 

Wales hails new superstar  One game into his Six Nations career, and Gavin Henson is already a Welsh legend.  A mesmeric display against England, topped off by his howitzer of a match-winning penalty, has secured life membership of that particular club. At 23, Henson has the rugby world at his silver-booted feet. And if his natural self-assurance and swagger is shared by his Wales team-mates, then a full-blown revival could be more than just a lot of hot air drifting up from the Valleys. The "Red Dragonhood" subdued the "Red Rose Army" in most areas of the field, but Henson's stellar performance ensured their efforts yielded the win they craved above all others. He announced himself in the game's opening salvo with a "Welcome to Cardiff" greeting for Mark Cueto on the gain line. And his defence was a major feature of the match, his principal victim poor old, or rather young, Mathew Tait. The England centre will have spent his 19th birthday on Sunday shuddering at the memory of how he was up-ended not just once, but twice, by Henson's all-enveloping tackles.  The second time, after the interval, single-handedly lifted the record Millennium Stadium crowd at a time when England were starting to show menace. Showing awesome strength, Henson nonchantly held the bewildered debutant in mid-air, a master predator toying with his helpless prey, savouring the kill. His kicking game also prospered, particularly when he moved to full-back for 10 minutes either side of half-time when his captain Gareth Thomas was in the sin-bin. One huge clearance from Tait's kick sent England retreating rapidly while another booming punt to the right corner kept the visitors pinned in their own half. Henson was also creativity personified: one little chip ahead for Shane Williams narrowly missed its target; a precise cross-kick forcing Jamie Noon to fumble the ball into touch. He also had a hand in the game's only try, finished superbly by Williams, and might have scored himself on the half-hour as he glided into space, only to be scragged by Tait. Henson was twice repelled as Wales laid siege to the English line after Charlie Hodgson's penalty had edged the visitors in front for the first time. But he was not to be denied as the crescendo rose to a deafening din, and the outcome of the match fell to him. Replacement Gareth Cooper made the most of a poor Welsh scrum by chipping into space, where Jason Robinson was penalised for holding on in the tackle.  Five metres in from the right touchline, 44 metres out, it was not a kick Stephen Jones, who had seen a long-range effort fall agonisingly under the bar, would have approached with confidence. "It was out of Steve's range but I looked at Gavin, and he gave me a reassuring nod," said Thomas. Henson, surveying his date with destiny, positively relished the responsibility, and the chance to make himself a hero. Without further ado, he nervelessly slotted the kick that ended five years of English dominance and 12 years of waiting in Cardiff. "I knew I was going to get it before I even took the kick," he said later, his distinct spikey locks freshly gelled into an appropriate star shape. "I have been getting them from that distance all year so it wasn't a problem." There were still four minutes for Wales to hold out, and the frenzy was such that Henson could not even hear Jones shouting instructions at him from three yards away. But it was Wales who finished the game on the attack, almost snatching a second try in a thunderous climax. "Just Do It" implored the front page headline on Saturday's Western Mail newspaper. And, thanks to Henson, Wales did. 

Dein concerned by Chelsea stance  Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein has voiced concern at Chelsea's stance over the Ashley Cole controversy.  The Premier League is to examine "further information" from a newspaper claiming Chelsea made an alleged illegal approach for the defender. Chelsea have denied that Cole met boss Jose Mourinho to discuss a move, which would breach Premier League rule K3. "From the evidence I have seen so far there is a huge credibility gap," Dein told the News of the World. A Premier League statement read: "We received further information from the News of the World newspaper, which we will study for any facts that might be relevant to our deliberations. "Further discussions will take place between the Premier League board and both clubs next week." The Premier League had said it would only launch an investigation if there was a complaint, which has so far not been forthcoming from Arsenal.  In an attempt to defuse the situation, England star Cole told Arsenal's website: "I'm under contract here for another two years so I just want to get back to playing football and trying to win the league." Mourinho has called Cole, who has been negotiating an extension to his deal at Highbury, the "best English defender" and says he wants to sign a left-back to provide competition for Wayne Bridge. But the Portuguese coach now wants Gunners boss Arsene Wenger to get in touch with him so they can discuss the situation. He said: "If Arsene wants answers, he can call me. It is true I want to buy a left-back because I only have one and I always want two for every position." Wenger wants Chelsea to make a categorical denial, but is confident Cole will stay at Arsenal. "I am 100% sure Ashley will extend his contract as he is part of the bunch of players who are the core and heart of the team," he said. "Before we complain, we must have evidence the meeting has happened but I don't know how so much assertive evidence comes out in a newspaper if it is just being invented. "It looks to me like it has happened, although I don't know for sure."  Meanwhile, Everton boss David Moyes told BBC Radio Five Live that managers often approach a player's agent before talking to the club - but he insisted that talking with a player without his club's consent is a no-go area. "If you mention a player to an agent they are probably on the phone to the player within a minute," he said. "Tapping is probably used sometimes in a stronger way than that. It's part of football and will be very hard to change. It does happen a lot. "A lot of deals are done correctly but if you find out who the agent is and whether the player is interested, is that tapping? It will be nearly impossible to stop. "If the case got to where the manager met a player that would be wrong, action would have to be taken. "It should be manager to manager or chairman to chairman but the way modern football has gone I don't think that happens. There is a way the player gets got to but that is part of football. "I don't think it is right but that is the way it works." 

Edgy Agassi struggles past Dent  Andre Agassi put in an erratic display before edging into the fourth round of the Australian Open with victory over Taylor Dent.  The 34-year-old American, seeded eighth, made a poor start, dropping serve early on and later needing two chances to serve out the set. Having secured the lead, Agassi still failed to take control as both players forced a succession of breaks. But Agassi won the tie-break before wrapping up a 7-5 7-6 (7-3) 6-1 win. Fourth seed  survived an injury scare as he battled past Mario Ancic 6-4 3-6 6-3 6-4. The Russian turned his right ankle in the third game of the fourth set and called for treatment immediately. But he showed no sign of the problem when he returned to the court to wrap up victory in two hours 45 minutes.  Ancic, Wimbledon semi-finalist in 2004, looked set to push Safin all the way when he took the second set but Safin raised his game to sink the Croatian. Safin said he was trying to keep his temper under control at this year's tournament. The Russian hit himself on the head repeatedly in one second-set outburst but was otherwise largely calm in his victory. "I try to stay calm because if you go crazy against players like Ancic, you might never come back because he's a tough opponent," he said. "I'm a little bit calmer than I was before because I'd had enough." The Russian added that he was not worried by his ankle injury. "I have had a lot of problems with that ankle before - it will be OK," he said.  's route to the fourth round was made easy when opponent Jarkko Nieminen was forced to retire from their match.  The top seed and defending champion was leading 6-3 5-2 when Nieminen pulled out with an abdominal injury. Federer had been in patchy form until then - mixing 19 unforced errors with 19 winners. The world number one will play Cypriot  next after the former world junior champion beat Tommy Robredo 7-6 (7-2) 6-4 6-1. Federer admitted he was under extra pressure after extending his winning streak to a career-best 24. "They are so used to me winning, but it's not that simple," he said. "I had a feeling this could be a tough match. I had a bad start but I bounced back. I always want to play better than I am, but I thought I was pretty OK." French Open champion  is out of the tournament after a five-set defeat by Dominik Hrbaty. Hrbaty defeated the 10th seed 7-6 (7-5) 6-7 (8-10) 6-7 (3-7) 6-1 6-3 in a match lasting four hours and 21 minutes. The pair traded 16 service breaks during an exhausting baseline battle, with Hrbaty taking a decisive advantage in the eighth game of the final set. Hrbaty will now play 2002 champion  , who outlasted American Kevin Kim 3-6 6-2 6-7 6-2 6-2. 

Aussies unhappy with pitch  Australian skipper Ricky Ponting was still able to raise a smile despite his side's 13-run defeat by India in the fourth Test at Mumbai.  They had already done enough to win the Border-Gavaskar Trophy with victories at Bangalore and Nagpur, their first series success in India since 1969-70. "I said I thought it would be one of the all-time great series and the first three Tests turned out that way. "This was nowhere near a Test pitch. It was terribly disappointing." He was less than thrilled, however, with a pitch in Mumbai which saw 38 wickets fall on the second and third days to bring the match to an early resolution.  Australia only needed 107 in the final innings but were bowled out for 93 in just 30.5 overs as the Indian spinners made the most of conditions. "It was definitely gettable, but I don't think we played at our best with the bat today. "Full credit to India though. They batted well in tough conditions and when the game was there to be won with the ball, they did what they had to do." Groundsman Polly Umrigar defended his pitch, saying: "My verdict is that the batsmen did not apply themselves, "The wicket was not as difficult as it is being made out to be. Batsmen willing to play shots got ample opportunities." Ponting also paid tribute to vice-captain Adam Gilchrist, who led the side in the first three Tests while he was recuperating from a broken thumb. "When you look back through the series, everyone has contributed in one way or another. That's a pleasing thing - it's what you need in a good side," he added.  "It's been a great tour. I've only been here a short time but we've certainly enjoyed ourselves - I think all of the players really enjoy touring India. "It's a place we've been to quite a lot over the last few years. Every time we come back we enjoy it more and more and it certainly helps when you win as well." Michael Clarke took 6-9 on the final day and also contributed 400 runs in his first Test series. But the Man of the Series award went to team-mate Damien Martyn, who made 444 runs at an average of 55, although he ended it with a duck. "I'd have liked 10 more runs in the second innings today," Martyn joked. "We came over here to win and fight hard. It was a bit disappointing to finish off that way but we've won [the series] and the guiys have made a fantastic effort in the last month. "We always know it's going to be hard over here. It's always a true test for a batsman." 

Mauresmo opens with victory in LA  Amelie Mauresmo and Maria Sharapova won their opening matches at the Tour Championships in Los Angeles.  France's Mauresmo routed Vera Zvonareva 6-1 6-0, while Wimbledon champion Sharapova was a 6-1 6-4 winner over fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova. American Serena Williams also won, edging Russian Elena Dementieva 7-6 7-5 for her second victory of the event. The event is split into two groups of four with the top two from each advancing to the semi-finals.  Mauresmo's win was her ninth in a row as she tries to overtake Lindsay Davenport for the number one spot. Mauresmo spent five weeks at number one after the US Open before injury ushered Davenport back in front. "Since then, I feel very confident on court and my game is there. I want to get the ranking back, but it's very different than before I was number one. "It was an obsession, but now I take it in a relaxed way." Mauresmo completed her first match in the season-ending championship in 54 minutes as Russia's Zvonareva struggled to return her serve and failed to achieve a single break point.  "She got mad a little bit and I played some great tennis," said Mauresmo, who was runner-up to Kim Clijsters in last year's final. Zvonareva has lost both her games so far, having crashed 6-2 6-4 Kuznetsova in the Staples Centre on Wednesday. "Sometimes not everything works," she said. "It was lots of pressure. Maybe that is why I couldn't do 100%. But I was fighting." Sharapova, who lost 6-2 6-2 to Kuznetsova in Beijing in September, said: "In Beijing, she was coming off such a big winning streak [14 matches] and she was unstoppable. "This time, it was important to start off well and put some pressure on her." The tournament debutant added: "I love it here. The atmosphere is great. "To be here where the Lakers play, you just feel that excitement. I love basketball." Williams admitted she is still some way off her best form but remained positive after two wins in two days. "It's hard to go out there and get it right but I'm fighting and I'm hoping," said Williams. "What makes me happy is the effort. I had a really good effort today. "I'm trying to add new dimensions to my game." 

Hearts 2-1 Livingston  Hearts wrapped up their Scottish Cup quarter-final tie against Livingston with two goals in the first 10 minutes.  Lee Miller scored inside the opening 60 seconds, heading over Colin Meldrum and into the net from a Jamie McAllister free kick. McAllister himself scored the second when he met Saul Mikoliunas' cross at the back post to put the game beyond the visitors. Craig Easton headed in a controversial goal after an hour but Hearts held on. The opening goal came after Gus Bahoken had clumsily fouled Miller 35 yards from goal. McAllister floated the free kick into the Livi box and Miller outjumped the static visiting defence to loop his header from 10 yards over Meldrum. With just 10 minutes on the clock, the home side doubled their lead. Mikoliunas sprinted down the right, crossed to the back post where McAllister raced in to head past Meldrum. Moments later Miller came close to grabbing his second with a first-time drive from 16 yards, which skimmed the bar.  Then McAllister picked up a pass from Stephen Simmons and drove an angled shot from 20 yards narrowly past Meldrum's far post. The impressive Mikoliunas twice went close before half time - a low drive was comfortably gathered by Meldrum and then he curled a left-footed shot past the keeper's right-hand post. Livi manager Richard Gough made three changes at the interval, bringing on defender Goran Stanic, midfielder Gabor Vincze, and striker Ferenc Horvath for Bahoken, Derek Lilley and Mark Wilson. But, in the opening stages of the second period, little changed. However, the West Lothian side gave themselves a lifeline with a controversial goal. Eric Deloumeaux sent Jason Dair away on the right and he tried to give the ball to McPake, who looked to be in an offside position. The Livi striker ignored the pass, however, and Dair ran on to it and played Easton in at the back post and he headed home from close range. The home side called for offside against McPake but referee Alan Freeland ignored their claims and pointed to the centre-circle. Livi went all out for the equaliser. In the 87th minute, Burton O'Brien was hauled back at the edge of the box by Neil MacFarlane, but Dair sent his shot just inches wide.  Gordon, Webster, Miller, Hartley, Neilson, McAllister, Simmons (MacFarlane 64), Berra, Burchill (Wyness 82), Mikoliunas (Cesnauskis 77), Wallace.  Moilanen, Kizys.  Berra, Webster.  Miller 1, McAllister 10.  Meldrum, McNamee, Bahoken (Stanic 45), Deloumeaux, Strong, Dair, Easton, Mark Wilson (Vincze 45), Lilley (Horvath 45), O'Brien, McPake.  McKenzie, Hand.  : Vincze, Horvath.  Easton 60.  9,796  A Freeland 

Moya emotional after Davis Cup win  Carlos Moya described Spain's Davis Cup victory as the highlight of his career after he beat Andy Roddick to end the USA's challenge in Seville.  Moya made up for missing Spain's 2000 victory through injury by beating Roddick 6-2 7-6 (7-1) 7-6 (7-5) to give the hosts an unassailable 3-1 lead. "I have woken up so many nights dreaming of this day," said Moya. "All my energy has been focused on today. "What I have lived today I do not think I will live again." Spain's only other Davis Cup title came two years ago in Valencia, when they beat Australia. And Moya, nicknamed Charly, admitted: "The Davis Cup is my dream and I was a bit nervous at the outset. "Some people have said that I am obsessed but I think that it is better this way. It helps me reach my goals if I am obsessed. "It's really incredible - to get the winning point is really something." Spanish captain Jordi Arrese said: "Charly played a great game. It was his opportunity and he hasn't let us down. "He had lost three times to Roddick, and this was his day to beat him. "He had been waiting years to be in this position." Spain's victory was also remarkable for the performance of Rafael Nadal, who beat Roddick in the opening singles.  Aged 18 years and 185 days, the Mallorcan became the youngest player to win the Davis Cup. "What a great way to finish the year," said Nadal afterwards. US coach Patrick McEnroe wants Roddick and the rest of his team to play more tennis on clay and hone their skills on the surface. "I think it will help these guys even on slow hard courts to learn how to mix things up a little bit and to play a little bit smarter and tactically better." "Obviously it's unrealistic to say that we're going to just start playing constantly on clay, with the schedule. "But certainly I think we can put the work in at the appropriate time and play a couple more events and play against these guys who are the best on this stuff," said McEnroe. Roddick was left frustrated after losing both his singles on the slow clay of Seville's Olympic Stadium. "It's just tough because I felt like I was in it the whole time against one of the top three clay-courters in the world," said the American. "I had my chances and just didn't convert them. The bottom line is they were just better than us this weekend. "They came out, took care of business and they beat us. It's as simple as that." 

Pakistan slump in Twenty20 debut  Twenty20 tour match, Adelaide: Australia A 185-5 (20 overs) beat Pakistan 129-7 (20 overs) by 56 runs  Hussey, who made 50 from 43 deliveries, was joined by White joined him in a fifth-wicket stand of 79 in Adelaide. And White upped the pace at the end, ending 58 not out from 38 balls as the hosts posted 185-5 before 21,254 fans. Pakistan crashed to 17-4 in the fifth over but reached 129-7, Taufeeq Umar top-scoring with 31 from 20 balls. Australia's start, after opting to bat first, was similarly inauspicious. Shoaib Akhtar, who had pain-killing injections earlier thisweek for back and hamstring injuries, took two for 37 from hisfour overs. Captain Brad Haddin, who scored 129 in Wednesday's 50-over match between the two sides, fell for two. And James Hopes was be bowled in the pace man's second over, the scoreline 27-2.  Brad Hodge and Mike Hussey, both veterans of Twenty20 cricket in England, were unable to capitalise on blazing starts before the younger Hussey brother calmed proceedings. Tasmanian Damien Wright struck with two wickets in the space of three balls in the second over of the Pakistan reply and the tourists were in disarray. Umar played fluently, hitting just four boundaries, but could not find a partner as five batsmen fell in single figures. He and Inzamam-ul-Haq added 50 for the fifth wicket but the Pakistan captain was run out for 21. Although Younis Khan (28) and Iftikhar Anjum (21) kept the pace brisk, they were well off the required pace in an unbeaten partnership of 58.  Both sides were penalised six runs for slow over-rates. Twenty20 cricket, which involves batsmen sitting on the boundary edge waiting to go in and bowlers given reduced time to get through their overs, was first launched in county cricket in 2002. It has since taken off domestically in South Africa and in women's cricket, where the first international involved England and New Zealand last year. New Zealand and Sri Lanka had planned to play the first Twenty20 international but the tour was cut short because of the tsunami disaster. Australia's senior team will get their first taste of the shortened format in June, when they tour England. Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland said Twenty20 cricket between state sides could be a possibility for next year. "It's happening in other parts of the world and has been embraced at domestic cricket level," he said. "The signals we're getting in these last two days is that it's something the fans are interested in seeing more of. "And we need to look at the way in which we can introduce it on perhaps a more formal basis next season." Inzamam predicted Twenty20 could become the most popular form of the sport worldwide. "I think after four or five years this will be the most popular game, (compared to) 50-over games and Test matches," he said. "Now it's very popular. After one or two years it will be the most popular game." But Haddin said: "I think Test cricket will always be the most popular form of the game."  JR Hopes, BJ Haddin, BJ Hodge, MEK Hussey, DJ Hussey, CL White, DJ Thornely, NW Bracken, DG Wright, SW Tait  Yasir Hameed, Taufeeq Umar, Shahid Afridi, Mohammad Hafeez, Abdul Razzaq, Inzamam-ul-Haq, Azhar Mahmood, Younis Khan, Iftikhar Anjum, Mohammad Khalil, Shoaib Akhtar. 

Man Utd stroll to Cup win  Wayne Rooney made a winning return to Everton as Manchester United cruised into the FA Cup quarter-finals.  Rooney received a hostile reception, but goals in each half from Quinton Fortune and Cristiano Ronaldo silenced the jeers at Goodison Park. Fortune headed home after 23 minutes before Ronaldo scored when Nigel Martyn parried Paul Scholes' free-kick. Marcus Bent missed Everton's best chance when Roy Carroll, who was later struck by a missile, saved at his feet.  Rooney's return was always going to be a potential flashpoint, and he was involved in an angry exchange with a spectator even before kick-off. And Rooney's every touch was met with a deafening chorus of jeers from the crowd that once idolised the 19-year-old. Everton started brightly and Fortune needed to be alert to scramble away a header from Bent near the goal-line. But that was the cue for United to take complete control with a supreme passing display on a Goodison Park pitch that was cutting up. Fortune gave United the lead after 23 minutes, rising to meet Ronaldo's cross from eight yards after the Portuguese youngster had been allowed too much time and space by the hapless Gary Naysmith. United dominated without creating too many clear-cut chances, and they almost paid the price for not making the most of their domination two minutes before half-time. Mikel Arteta played a superb ball into the area but Bent, played onside by Gabriel Heintze, hesitated and Carroll plunged at his fee to save. United almost doubled their lead after 48 minutes when Ronaldo's low drive from 25 yards took a deflection off Tony Hibbert, but Martyn dived to save brilliantly. And Martyn came to Everton's rescue three minutes later when Rooney's big moment almost arrived as he raced clean through, but once again the veteran keeper was in outstanding form. But there was nothing Martyn could do when United doubled their lead after 57 minutes as they doubled their advantage. Scholes' free-kick took a deflection, and Martyn could only parry the ball out for Ronaldo, who reacted first to score easily. Everton's problems worsened when James McFadden limped off with an injury. And there may be further trouble ahead for Everton after goalkeeper Carroll required treatment after he was struck on the head by a missile thrown from behind the goal. Rooney's desperate search for a goal on his return to Everton was halted again by Martyn in injury-time when he outpaced Stubbs, but once again Martyn denied the England striker.  - Manchester United coach Sir Alex Ferguson: "It was a fantastic performance by us. In fairness I think Everton have missed a couple of players and got some young players out. "The boy Ronaldo is a fantastic player. He's persistent and never gives in. "I don't know how many fouls he had He gets up and wants the ball again, he's truly a fabulous player." Everton: Martyn, Hibbert, Yobo, Stubbs, Naysmith, Osman, Carsley, Arteta, Kilbane, McFadden, Bent. Subs: Wright, Pistone, Weir, Plessis, Vaughan. Manchester United: Carroll, Gary Neville, Brown, Ferdinand, Heinze, Ronaldo, Phil Neville, Keane, Scholes, Fortune, Rooney. Subs: Howard, Giggs, Smith, Miller, Spector. Referee: R Styles (Hampshire) 

Chelsea denied by James heroics  A brave defensive display, led by keeper David James, helped Manchester City hold the leaders Chelsea.  After a quiet opening, James denied Damien Duff, Jiri Jarosik and Mateja Kezman, while Paul Bosvelt cleared William Gallas' header off the line. Robbie Fowler should have scored for the visitors but sent his header wide. Chelsea had most of the possession in the second half but James kept out Frank Lampard's free-kick and superbly tipped the same player's volley wide. City went into the game with the proud record of being the only domestic team to beat Chelsea this season. And there was little to alarm them in the first 30 minutes as Chelsea - deprived of Arjen Robben and Didier Drogba through injury - struggled to pose much of a threat. Indeed, it was the visitors who looked likelier to enliven a drab opening played at a lethargic pace. Shaun Wright-Phillips - watched by England boss Sven-Goran Eriksson - showed his customary trickery to burst into the right of the area and deliver a dangerous ball, which was blocked by John Terry. But Chelsea suddenly stepped up a gear and created a flurry of chances. First, Duff got round Ben Thatcher and blasted in a shot that James parried to Kezman, who turned the ball wide.  Soon afterwards, Jarosik found space in the area to powerfully head Lampard's corner goalwards but James tipped the ball over. Chelsea were now looking more like Premiership leaders and James kept out Kezman's fierce drive before Bosvelt and James combined to clear Gallas' header from Duff's corner. City broke swiftly up the field and the last chance of a frenetic spell should have resulted in Fowler celebrating his 150th Premiership goal. Wright-Phillips raced down the left and crossed to Fowler but City's lone man up front, left free by Terry's slip, contrived to head wide when it seemed a breakthrough was certain. The second half started as quietly as the first, although James was forced to divert a cross from the lively Duff away from Eidur Gudjohnsen's path. There was a nasty moment for Petr Cech, looking for a ninth straight clean sheet in the league, when a series of ricochets saw Fowler chase a loose ball in the area and collide accidently with the Czech Republic stopper. Another quiet spell followed, which Duff interrupted with a surging run that was halted illegally on the edge of the penalty area by Bosvelt. Lampard stepped up to blast a shot through the wall and James somehow blocked it with his legs. Another timely challenge, this time from Richard Dunne in time added on, prevented Gudjohnsen from getting in a shot. There was still time for James to produce a sensational save to tip Lampard's volley round the post.  Cech, Paulo Ferreira, Gallas, Terry, Bridge, Jarosik (Tiago 56), Lampard, Makelele, Duff, Gudjohnsen, Kezman (Cole 63).  Subs Not Used: Johnson, Smertin, Cudicini.  Makelele, Gudjohnsen.  James, Mills, Distin, Dunne, Thatcher, Shaun Wright-Phillips, Bosvelt, Barton, Sibierski (McManaman 85), Musampa, Fowler.  Subs Not Used: Macken, Weaver, Onuoha, Jordan.  Bosvelt.  42,093  H Webb (S Yorkshire). 

What now for British tennis?  Tim Henman's decision to quit Davis Cup tennis has left the British team with a gargantuan void to fill.  The world number seven is tied for fourth among his countrymen for wins in the history of the tournament (he has 36 from his 50 rubbers). And Great Britain's last Davis Cup win without Henman came against Slovenia as far back as 1996. Worse could follow, according to former British team member Chris Bailey. Bailey told BBC Sport: "After Tim's announcement, I doubt Greg Rusedski will be that far behind him." But without their top two, where does that leave British ambitions in the sport's premier team event? Captain Jeremy Bates has singled out Alex Bogdanovic and Andrew Murray as potential replacements. The Yugoslavian-born Bogdanovic, though, is 184 places below Henman in the world rankings and has played just two cup ties - winning one and losing the other.  Murray, on the other hand, is 407th in the current ATP entry list and yet to make his cup debut. But Bailey does see some hope for the future. He said: "Now we've dropped down to the Euro-Africa zone, the time was right for him to step down and let the young guys come to the fore." Britain's next opponents, Israel, are hardly likely to be quaking in their boots ahead of the 4-6 March match against a likely trio of Bogdanovic, Murray and the 187th-ranked Arvind Parmar. Bailey said: "It will be tough for GB to move up, but there comes a time when our young players have to step up. This was always going to be inevitable with Tim and Greg's growing years. "I'm confident about the future. I wouldn't lay money on us getting back into the world group next year, but I'd imagine in five years time we'll be competing for the major honours." Of those lining up to replace Henman, the 17-year-old Murray, with four Futures titles under his belt last year, looks the best long-term bet. "Murray is the one that looks likeliest to take over Tim's mantle," said Bailey. "He has an enormous amount of self-confidence, judging by what he's said in the past." Bogdanovic, three years Murray's senior, has had a more troubled time under Britain's Davis Cup umbrella.  While Murray has been marked out as Britain's golden boy, Bogdanovic was warned by the Lawn Tennis Association for a lack of drive at the end of 2003. And Bailey said: "Despite that, Alex is clearly talented as well, while Arvind is another contender. "They're among the guys who have experienced the intensity of Davis Cup tennis - whether as players or on the sidelines. "The LTA has always done an exceptional job of ensuring that. "Now they'll finally get to play regularly in the cauldron of the cup. And I'm confident that will springboard Team GB to greater success." 

Moody joins up with England  Lewis Moody has flown to Dublin to join England's camp ahead of their RBS Six Nations game against Ireland on Sunday.  Despite joining the squad, the Leicester flanker only has a "slim" chance of playing because of an infection in his finger. A decision will be taken on Saturday as to whether the 26-year-old will be declared fit. If he fails to recover in time for the game, his place at the back of the pack will be taken by Andy Hazell. Chris Jones will then start the game on the bench. "The chances of him playing are very slim," said coach Andy Robinson. "The infection is deeper than was thought."  Moody had to be put on a drip in an attempt to force antibiotics through his infected finger. He suffered the cut playing against France at Twickenham and it became infected during a 10-minute outing as a replacement for Leicester against Newcastle last Saturday. "The mud got into it," Robinson added. "He has had a big course of antibiotics but they haven't done the job we hoped they would." Robinson has already been forced to make one change to the starting line-up with Bath prop Matt Stevens coming in for the injured Phil Vickery.  The 22-year-old has only made 10 starts for his club but has made 49 appearances from the bench. "It can be frustrating but I've had a lot more game time this season and I'm ready for it," Stevens said. "I've been on tour with these boys and I've been in the England set-up for two years so I know the calls and the way they play." Stevens will be winning his third cap on Sunday after coming on twice as a replacement on the tour to New Zealand last year.  Robinson has confirmed that fly-half Charlie Hodgson will be the first-choice kicker despite his three missed penalties and a drop goal against France. "Charlie's state of mind is very good," said Robinson. "Obviously, we are all disappointed we lost the French game and the circumstances in which we did. "But he responded well last week in his goalkicking for Sale and he will be our first-choice kicker this week."  Robinson also admits his side must improve their line-out work against Irish duo Malcolm O'Kelly and Paul O'Connell, one of the most effective partnerships in the game. "In each game we've missed a number of line-outs," he added. "It cost us the game against Wales but it has improved. "It was better against France and will have to go up another notch against Ireland. It will be a huge battle. "Look at the way they tore us apart last year. If it doesn't function, we will be in for a torrid time." 

Denness leads Luckhurst tributes  Former Kent and England skipper Mike Denness has paid tribute to former team-mate Brian Luckhurst following his death from cancer at the age of 66.  Luckhurst, who became Kent president last year, played for the club between 1958 and 1976. His international career consisted of 21 Tests and he scored two hundreds to help Ray Illingworth's England side win the Ashes in Australia in 1970-71. "He was a great buddy and a loyal servant," Denness told BBC Sport. "In cricketing terms, he probably didn't have a lot of natural gifts, but with the gifts he had, he worked so hard at it that he deserved to reach the top which he did by opening the batting for England."  Kent chairman Carl Openshaw said Luckhurst had been "loved, admired and respected" by everyone at the club. "Brian Luckhurst has been at the heart of Kent Cricket for the past 50 years, firstly as an outstanding player, then in a variety of administrative capacities and finally as an immensely popular president. "Throughout that time, he was always caring, loyal and totally committed to Kent," he continued. Born in Sittingbourne, Luckhurst joined the staff at Canterbury at the age of 15 and during his first-class career made more than 22,000 first-class runs at an average of 38, including 48 centuries.  He was a member of the Kent team which dominated county cricket in the 1970s when they won nine trophies outright and also shared the County Championship in 1977. Luckhurst was 31 when his chance to play for England came along in a home series against a Rest of the World XI in 1970. He was named in the Ashes squad the following winter and marked his official Test debut, as Geoff Boycott's opening partner, by scoring 74 and 20 not out in a draw against Australia in Brisbane. The following game in Perth saw him bat for almost six hours to score 131 and he also made 109 in the fifth Test at Melbourne as England took the series 2-0. "It was a terrific performance and he, along with Geoff Boycott and John Edrich, were the three who scored all the runs. "In one match, I think it was at Melbourne, he wouldn't take his glove off at the break because he thought he had damaged a knuckle. In fact, he had fractured the knuckle but he got a hundred," said Denness.  Luckhurst made an unbeaten 108 in his first Test on English soil against Pakistan and added another century against India later in the 1971 season. Although he appeared in three one-day internationals, his style was better suited to Test cricket, but he lost his place after the 1974-75 tour to Australia when the pace and ferocity of Dennis Lillee and Jeff Thomson proved too much for England, who lost 4-1. "It was a torrid time for all of us," added Denness, who was England captain on that tour. "He was a great tourist, a great man to have [around] and a great performer. If you look at his Test record, it's a very good record."  After retiring from the Kent first team, Luckhurst captained the second XI before moving into coaching and later had a spell as a sports centre manager. In 1985, he made an unexpected return to action when Kent suddenly found themselves with only 10 players against the touring Australians. In recent years he worked in the club's commercial department before taking on the presidency. But he was diagnosed with cancer in May 2004. "Over the last 50 years I have faced many challenges - this is going to be the biggest," he said at the time. Luckhurst's death was the third among the international cricket fraternity in the space of 24 hours following those of former West Indies batsman Allan Rae and ex-New Zealand wicket-keeper Ian Colquhoun. 

Paris promise raises Welsh hopes  Has there been a better Six Nations match than Saturday's epic in Paris?  And can the Welsh revival continue all the way to a first Grand Slam since 1978? Those are the two questions occupying not just Wales supporters but rugby fans as a whole after a scintillating display in Paris. Welsh legend Mervyn Davies, a member of two of three Grand Slam-winning sides of the 1970s, hailed it as "one of the great performances of the past three decades". Martyn Williams, Wales' two-try scorer on the day, called it "one of the most surreal games I have ever played in". A crestfallen France coach, Bernard Laporte, simply observed: "There was a French half and there was a Welsh half". And what a half it was for the Red Dragonhood, transforming a 15-6 half-time deficit into an 18-15 lead within five mesmerising minutes of the second period. But while that passage of play showed the swelling self-belief of a side prepared to back its own spirit of adventure, the final quarter told us a whole lot more about this Welsh side. That they recovered from a battering in the first half-hour to first stem the tide before half-time, then reverse it on the resumption, was remarkable enough. But in resisting a seemingly unstoppable wave of French pressure in a nail-biting final five minutes, Wales showed not only their physical attributes but their mental resolve.  In international rugby, any of the top seven sides can beat each other on a given day, but the great sides are those that win the close contests on a consistent basis. England suffered some infamous Six Nations disappointments en route to World Cup glory, the pain of defeat forging bonds that ultimately led to victory when it really mattered. Wales have some way to go before they can be remotely considered in a similar light. But the signs are that players previously on the receiving end are learning how to emerge on the right side of the scoreline. Ten of the 22 on duty on Saturday were also involved when Wales were trounced 33-5 in Paris two years ago. But since they threw off the shackles against New Zealand in the 2003 World Cup, Wales have rediscovered much of what made them a great rugby nation in the first place.  "The confidence in the squad has been building and building since the World Cup and we now have young players who are becoming world class," noted coach Mike Ruddock. The likes of Michael Owen, Gethin Jenkins, Dwayne Peel and Gavin Henson are certainly building strong cases for inclusion on this summer's Lions tour to New Zealand. And players like Stephen Jones, Martyn Williams, Shane Williams and Gareth Thomas are proving it is not only the youngsters that are on an upward curve. Jones, after his superb man-of-the-match display, observed that "we are a very happy camp now". Ruddock and Thomas can take much of the credit for that, ensuring the tribal and regional divisions that have often scarred Welsh rugby do not extend to the national squad. The  joie de vivre  so evident in that magical second-half spell in Paris also stems from a style of play that first wooed supporters the world over in the 1970s.  If England had half the innate attacking exuberance Wales have produced in this championship, they would not be contemplating the debris of three consecutive defeats. Similarly, Wales have learnt that style alone does not win matches, and that forward power, mental toughness and good decision-making under pressure are equally important. So on to Murrayfield, where Wales have not won on their last three visits. While the hype in the Principality will go into overdrive, the players will set about the task of beating Scotland. Only then - with the visit of Ireland to finish - can they start thinking about emulating the hallowed players of the 1970s, and writing their own names into Welsh legend. 

Celts savour Grand Slam prospect  The Six Nations has heralded a new order in northern hemisphere rugby this year and Wales and Ireland rather than traditional big guns France and England face a potential Grand Slam play-off in three weeks' time.  But before that game in Cardiff, Wales must get past Scotland at Murrayfield, while Ireland face the not insignificant task of a home fixture with the mercurial French. No-one knows what mood France will be in at Lansdowne Road on 12 March - sublime, as in the first half against Wales, or ridiculous, like in the same period against England at Twickenham. But how the mighty have fallen. England sat on rugby's summit 15 months ago as world champions and 2003 Grand Slam winners. But they have lost nine of their 14 matches since that heady night in Sydney. And they face the ignominy of what could amount to a Wooden Spoon play-off against Italy in a fortnight.  England are enduring their worst run in the championship since captain Richard Hill was dumped in favour of Mike Harrison after three straight losses in 1987. Coach Andy Robinson, who took over from the successful Sir Clive Woodward in September, has lost a phalanx of World Cup stars. And he is enduring the toughest of teething problems in bedding down his own style with a new team. The same year that England ruled the roost, a woeful Wales lost all five matches in the Six Nations. And they won only two games, against Scotland and Italy, in 2004. Wales' most recent championship title was in 1994, and their last Grand Slam success came in 1978 in the era of Gareth Edwards, Phil Bennett, JPR Williams et al.  But Welsh rugby fans remain on permanent tenterhooks for the blossoming of a new golden age. After several false dawns, coach Mike Ruddock may have come up with the team and philosophy to match expectations. The fresh verve is inspired by skipper Gareth Thomas, now out with a broken thumb, accurate kicking from either fly-half Stephen Jones or centre Gavin Henson, a rampant Martyn Williams leading the way up front, and exciting runners in the guise of Henson and Shane Williams. Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan and captain Brian O'Driscoll have got their side buzzing too, and they are close to shedding the "nearly-men" tag that has dogged them for the past few years. The men from the Emerald Isle have been Six Nations runners-up for the past two years, to France and England.  But they have not won the title since 1985 and last clinched a Grand Slam in 1948. As for Scotland, they have struggled this decade and the 2004 Wooden Spoon "winners" have not been in the top two since they lifted the title in 1999. Italy continue the elusive search for their first Six Nations away win, and can still only account for the scalps of Scotland (twice) and Wales since joining the elite in 2000. Coach John Kirwan is a passionate and dedicated believer in the Azzurri, but is lacking in raw materials. And so to France. Brilliant one minute, inept the next. But the reigning champions could quite easily turn on the style in Dublin and end up winning the title through the back door. Ireland, though, have won three times in their last five meetings. Welsh romantics would probably prefer a glorious victory in the Celtic showdown to crown their Grand Slam. But given that Ireland have beaten Wales in four of their last five meetings, the Welsh legions are likely to be behind Les Bleus on 12 March. 

Desailly backs Blues revenge trip  Marcel Desailly insists there is no chance of history repeating itself when Chelsea take on Barcelona on Wednesday.  The French star was part of the Chelsea side crushed 5-1 at the Nou Camp in the Champions League quarter-final second leg in 2000. "Things will be totally different this time," he told BBC Sport. "Now everyone knows about Chelsea and is a little bit afraid of them. They are one of the major clubs in Europe and the pressure will be on Barcelona." Chelsea have not played Barcelona since that quarter-final tie five years ago. The Blues had looked destined to progress after winning the first leg at Stamford Bridge 3-1, courtesy of two goals from Tore Andre Flo and one by Gianfranco Zola. But they collapsed in the second leg, going down to strikes from Rivaldo (2), Luis Figo, Dani and Patrick Kluivert.  Former Chelsea captain Desailly, who is now playing for Al-Gharafa in Qatar, says there is no comparison between that side and the current Blues team, who are top of the Premiership. "Mentally they are much stronger, even though a lot of their players are young," the 36-year-old said. "We made some mistakes at the Nou Camp in 2000 - a lot of them were individual mistakes. "It would not happen now. This team has a new motivation and a different mentality." World Cup winner Desailly saw huge changes during his time at Stamford Bridge. He was signed for £4.6m from AC Milan in 1998 by Ruud Gullit and went on to play under Gianluca Vialli and Claudio Ranieri. But the biggest change occurred when billionaire Roman Abramovich bought the club in 2003. Desailly says the Russian's arrival helped to instil a winning mentality at the club as well as a demand for success. "The whole of Chelsea is different now - the chairman, the manager and all the players," he said.  "Everything is new and there is a huge determination to win. "Since that game in 2000, Chelsea have gained more experience in Europe and were very close to reaching the Champions League final last season." Desailly is one of the most decorated players in the history of football. He won the 1998 World Cup and 2000 European Championship with France, the Champions League in 1993 with Marseilles and 1994 with AC Milan, two Serie A titles and the FA Cup in 2000 with Chelsea. He is now winding down his career in Qatar, alongside the likes of Frank Lebeouf, Josep Guardiola, Titi Camara, Gabriel Batistuta and Christophe Dugarry. So he is full of admiration for two of his colleagues from the great Milan side of the mid-90s who are likely to line up against Manchester United on Wednesday - Paolo Maldini and Alessandro Costacurta. "I'm happy that they have managed to play so long at a high level," he said. "I made a vow to Costacurta that as long as he plays, I will continue to play. "And it's amazing that Paolo has managed to play at such a high level for such a long time." 

Jones happy with Henson heroics  Wales fly-half Stephen Jones admitted he was happy to hand Gavin Henson responsibility for taking the match-winning kick against England.  Jones had missed three earlier shots at goal when Wales, 9-8 down, were awarded a long-range penalty with four minutes left in Cardiff. "I knew the percentages of Gavin reaching it were far higher than me," Jones said. "When he said he wanted it, there were no problems." Jones had seen a long-range effort fall a whisker under the crossbar on the hour, before Charlie Hodgson put England in front with 10 minutes left. "I looked at where it was and I knew I was going to struggle to make it," Jones added. "I said to Gareth (Thomas, the Wales captain) 'This is touch and go.' It was out of my range and obviously Gavin is phenomenal when it comes to distance. He was confident and fancied it. "There were no questions that he'd miss it the way he was playing. He had a superb game." Jones was happy to hail Henson's heroic contribution to Wales' first win over England in Cardiff since 1993. "Physically he's a specimen: he's a balanced player, he glides when he runs and obviously he's got a great kicking game as well," Jones said.  "His defence was superb, he made some great hits and he had a great game. "I'm glad he's Welsh." Victory over England for the first time since 1999 will no doubt fuel expectations of what Wales might achieve in this year's Six Nations. But they now face three away fixtures in Italy, France and Scotland before completing their campaign against Ireland in Cardiff. "People all over the world want to see Wales back at the top table of world rugby," said a proud coach Mike Ruddock. "But we are not there yet. The next step is finding the consistency to get further wins. "We have to travel this week and we can't afford to get too giddy about this result. "We have got to be professional and keep focused on facing Italy."  None more so than Henson, who can now expect to have the same sort of spotlight thrust upon him as the likes of Jonny Wilkinson and Brian O'Driscoll. The confident 23-year-old is undaunted by the prospect of dealing with such weighty expectations however. "I'm the sort of player who likes pressure on me," he said. "It makes me more concentrated and I think I perform better under more pressure. "I set a high standard against England and I've got to back it up next week. "Two years ago when we played Italy I wasn't involved and we lost, so we've got to put that right next week." 

A November to remember  Last Saturday, one newspaper proclaimed that England were still the number one side in the world.  That statement was made to look a little foolish by events later that afternoon at Twickenham. But it illustrated the wonderful unpredictability of Test rugby at the highest level, at the end of a richly entertaining autumn series. The final weekend threw the world pecking order into renewed confusion, with Australia's triumph in London followed by France's capitulation to New Zealand. "Clearly, there is no number one side in the world at the moment," declared Wallabies coach Eddie Jones on arrival back in Sydney. "There are four, five or probably six sides all competing at the same level and on any given day the difference between one side and another is only about 1%."  While that bodes well for rugby as a whole, it also sharpens the sense of excitement ahead of what could be the most open Six Nations Championship for a decade. While the Wallabies, All Blacks and Springboks hit the beach before turning their attention to Super 12 matters in the new year, Europe's finest have less than 10 weeks before they return to the international fray. And for the first time in more than a decade, it will not simply be a straightforward choice between England and France for the Six Nations title.  That owes much to Ireland's continued progress and the belief that Wales are on the verge of delivering a major scalp to cement the promise of their autumn displays.  , who secured a first Triple Crown in 19 years last season, could go one better and win their first Five/Six Nations title since 1985. They start with away games against Italy and Scotland, before England and France come to Lansdowne Road.  Their momentous victory over the Springboks can only bolster Ireland's self-belief, while Ronan O'Gara's late drop goal to deliver victory over Argentina was further proof that Eddie O'Sullivan's side can now close out tight games. Not that England or France, who have won nine of the last 10 Six Nations titles between them, will lay down quietly.  dismantling of the Springboks suggested that even after the loss of such influential figures as Martin Johnson and Lawrence Dallaglio, they still have the personnel to prosper.  The narrow defeat to Australia was a timely reminder that not everything is blooming in the red rose garden, but the fresh shoots of post-World Cup recovery have been sown by new head coach Andy Robinson. A fresh desire to regain former heights is evident, and if England emerge triumphant from an opening Six Nations engagement in Cardiff, a fourth title in six years is within reach.  are in familiar revival territory, but this time it appears there is substance behind the rediscovered style.  While South Africa's over-confidence in Cardiff made for a closer scoreline than expected, Wales could legitimately claim to have had victory within their grasp against the All Blacks in one of the best Tests in recent memory. If Mike Ruddock can coax a reliable set-piece platform from his pack, there is no reason why victories should not ensue come February. The last fortnight has left  in a state of bewilderment after an autumn series that began with a superb victory over Australia. A stunning defeat to Argentina, their first loss since the World Cup, could have been attributed to trademark French inconsistency.  But the manner of New Zealand's 45-6 demolition job in Paris has coach Bernard Laporte bemoaning a lack of young talent coming through to replace the old guard. Fortunately for the French, the opening match of the Six Nations sees them entertaining  in Paris. After two reasonable performances against Australia, the Scots' humbling by the Springboks forced coach Matt Williams to reassess his belief that a win over one of the major nations was imminent. While individuals such as Chris Cusiter and Ali Hogg enhanced their reputations, a lack of top-class players will continue to undermine their best efforts.  , who start with home games against Ireland and Wales before travelling to Scotland, are also hopeful of registering more than one victory for the first time in the Championship. As autumn gives way to winter and the Heineken Cup prepares to resume centre stage meantime, the joy of Six will keep the home fires burning until February. 

England slump to defeat  Fourth one-day international, Cape Town: South Africa 291-5 (50 overs) beat England 183 all out (41.2 overs) by 108 runs  The home side tallied a massive 291-5, with Gibbs making 100, Jacques Kallis 71 and Justin Kemp 57 from 36 balls. In reply, England were three wickets down inside eight overs, and bowled out for 183 in 41.2 overs. Kevin Pietersen smashed 75 from 85 balls but was caught in the deep trying to up the tempo. In all, 13 sixes were hit at a sun-baked Newlands, Kemp accounting for four of them with three each for Gibbs and Pietersen. Gibbs and Kallis, who both play for home side Western Province, set a new mark for the third wicket at this ground and beat their own record - set last week - for the third wicket against England with a stand of 143.  They set an even pace, notching half-centuries from successive deliveries, but still looked under par when Kallis was run out by a brilliant direct throw from Paul Collingwood at point. However, Kemp helped add 98 in the last 10 overs of the South African innings, building brutally on that platform. Kemp's best six came off Darren Gough, a drive into the pavilion at long on, and Gough was actually hanging on to one of Gibbs' maximums, the momentum carrying him over the boundary rope. England looked like keeping pace only as far as the sixth over of their reply, when Geraint Jones edged Ntini behind with 32 on the board.  Captain Michael Vaughan, who returned from illness and replaced Vikram Solanki in the line-up, followed for a duck in the next over, edging Shaun Pollock to slip. And Marcus Trescothick went four balls later, playing around an Ntini yorker which took out his middle stump. Andrew Strauss, who made 17, and Paul Collingwood, with 11, both settled but failed to move on. And Pietersen was left to stage his own firework display, falling to his third successive slog-sweep off spinner Nicky Boje after the first two had flown over the square-leg boundary.  Pietersen, sporting a new hairstyle with a diagonal streak of bleached blond, took his series figures to 238 runs at an average of 119. Ntini had Ashley Giles caught at cover for 20 to finish with 3-29. Ignoring the fact that the team batting first has won 17 of the last 25 one-day internationals at the Cape Town ground, Vaughan had opted to put the home side in on winning the toss. He was forced into making changes early, though, as Steve Harmison struggled in his first match back from a calf injury. The pace bowler, who replaced Matthew Hoggard in the line-up, conceded 24 runs off his first three overs, including four wides.  Although Darren Gough dismissed AB de Villiers lbw, he was also wayward early. And it took the arrival of Kabir Ali as the first-change bowler to apply the brakes. Ali, the hero of Wednesday's tie in Bloemfontein dismissed Graeme Smith, the hero of Friday's victory, lbw with a straight delivery that may have been a little too high. And with Collingwood in support his first six-over spell brought figures of 1-11. Ali's early figures were decimated, though, in the closing stages as Gibbs and Kemp blazed to put the match out of reach. The teams meet again in East London on Wednesday for the fifth instalment of the seven-match series.  G C Smith (capt), A B de Villiers, J H Kallis, H H Gibbs, A G Prince, J M Kemp, M V Boucher (wkt), S M Pollock, N Boje, M Ntini, A Nel.  MP Vaughan (capt), M E Trescothick, G O Jones, A J Strauss, K P Pietersen, I R Bell, P D Collingwood, A F Giles, Kabir Ali, D Gough, S Harmison. 

Brentford v Southampton  Griffin Park  Tuesday, 1 March  1945 GMT  Barry Knight (Kent)  home to Manchester United in the quarter-finals  Midfielder Andrew Frampton and striker Deon Burton are both slight doubts with hamstring injuries, but should be fit Saints are missing their entire first-choice midfield of Jamie Redknapp, Graeme Le Saux, Nigel Quashie and David Prutton. Anders Svensson and Matt Oakley are likely replacements with Kevin Phillips also scheduled to start, with Henri Camara rested.  - Brentford boss Martin Allen: "After conceding eight goals in our last three matches, I have to admit I'm not very confident. "There's no doubt we're the underdogs and after defending so poorly recently it's not looking good. "Southampton have just drawn with the Premiership champions and that makes our task harder than it was already."   - Southampton boss Harry Redknapp: "We know they can give us problems. "Brentford have done well but we are the Premiership side and should have the better players. "Staying in the Premiership is our priority. We want to win, of course we do. We'll battle but if it comes to a football match I think we'll win." KEY MATCH STATS   - BRENTFORD are the lowest ranked club left in the FA Cup. They're on their best run in the competition since reaching the quarter-finals for the fourth time in their history 16 years ago. Now they have the carrot of the plum draw in the last eight dangling before them. Victory over Premiership strugglers Southampton, would bring the mighty Manchester United to Griffin Park and a gigantic pay day for the sole League One survivors.   - Martin Allen's brave side came back from two goals down at St Mary's to earn a deserved replay. Southampton striker Henri Camara scored twice from close range to put the Saints in command, but Isaiah Rankin hit back just before half time, and Sam Sodje headed past a creaky defence on 58 minutes.   - The Londoners have conceded six goals in their two subsequent League outings - three each in losing away to Hartlepool and drawing at home to Sheffield Wednesday. But they haven't lost in six League and Cup games on home turf - winning three and drawing three since the reverse to Torquay on Boxing Day.   - SOUTHAMPTON go into this tie on the back of an eventful Premiership match with Arsenal on Saturday. An angry David Prutton pushed referee Alan Wiley after being shown the red card, but his side still came back to draw 1-1. It was Saints' fourth stalemate in succession in all competitions, but didn't lift them out of the relegation zone. The retention of their ever present Premier League status must be the number one priority, irrespective of the rewards that success against Brentford would bring.   - Victory here would set up a repeat of the 1976 final, when Saints astounded the football world by defeating Tommy Docherty's Manchester United courtesy of Bobby Stokes' famous winner. They also knocked out the Red Devils in 1991 on penalties in the fourth round. But to write another chapter in their FA Cup history, the Solent side must avoid succumbing to lower division opposition for the first time since Rotherham, from the second level, beat them 2-1 in a third round tie at Millmoor on 16 January 2002. Southampton were last humbled by a club from the third tier six years ago. Fulham were then in the Second Division, when they won a third round replay at Craven Cottage 1-0 on 13 January 1999.   - To get to within two matches of a second visit to the Millennium Stadium in three years for the final, Harry Redknapp must guide his side past a club 36 places inferior on the League ladder, and a manager 19 years his junior, who played under him at West Ham. HEAD TO HEAD  10th League One  QUARTER-FINALS (four times)  18th PREM  WINNERS (once) 

Blackburn v Burnley  Ewood Park  Tuesday, 1 March  2000 GMT  Howard Webb (South Yorkshire)  home to Leicester in the quarter-finals  But defender Andy Todd is suspended and could be replaced by Dominic Matteo - if he recovers from a hamstring injury. Burnley have major injury concerns over Frank Sinclair and John McGreal. Michael Duff looks set to continue at right-back with John Oster in midfield and Micah Hyde is expected to recover from a knee injury.  - Blackburn boss Mark Hughes: "Burnley are resolute and have individual talent but I fully expect us to progress. "I thought we were comfortable in the first game and never thought we were under pressure. "It's a competition we want to progress in and we are doing okay. If we beat Burnley, we have a home tie against another lower league club (Leicester)."   - Burnley boss Steve Cotterill: "They will be fresh and we'll be tired. That is an honest opinion but our lads just might be able to get themselves up for one more big game. "The atmosphere at the last game was very hot - a good verbal contest. "Our fans will not need whipping up for this game. I just want them to help us as much as they can in a positive way." KEY MATCH STATS   - BLACKBURN ROVERS against Bolton is part two of an East Lancashire hotpot that didn't turn out to be that spicy when first staged on a Sunday lunchtime the weekend before last, and resulted in a scrappy goalless draw.   - Rovers, who are aiming to win the Cup for a seventh time in their history and first time in 77 years, face another replay against Championship opposition after eventually disposing of Cardiff at Ewood Park in the third round. But they've not been beaten in the competition by a club outside the Premiership for nine years, since Ipswich - then in the second tier - defeated them 0-1 after extra time in a third round replay at Ewood Park on 16 January 1996. History is on Rovers side. When they last met their near neighbours in the FA Cup 45 years ago, it also required an Ewood Park replay, which the home side won 2-0, and when they last met in the League, Rovers did the double. They first won their Nationwide Division One trip to Turf Moor 0-2 four seasons ago, and then thrashed the Clarets on home soil 5-0.   - Manager Mark Hughes, who won the Cup four times as a player, is aiming to steer Rovers into the quarter-finals for the second time in 12 years, and first time since the 2000/2001 season. Success here, and victory home to Leicester in the next round, could see Rovers in the semi-finals without having played Premiership opposition.   - BURNLEY make the eight mile journey to their fierce rivals, determined to send Blackburn the same way as Liverpool in the third round. But having failed to pull off another shock at Turf Moor, it could be that the Championship outfit - 17 places inferior on the League ladder - have missed their best opportunity. Having said that, Burnley are yet to concede a goal in this Cup run.   - Steve Cotterills' Clarets have been knocked out in the fifth round four times in the last seven years, and have made only one appearance in the sixth round in 21 years. That was in the season before last, when they disposed of Premiership Fulham at this fifth round stage.   - While Blackburn have not played since the fifth round tie, Burnley have had two League outings away from home, drawing 1-1 at Derby and losing 1-0 at Preston. That takes their winless run to four games. The combatants from one-time prosperous mill towns, are both founder members of the Football League. HEAD TO HEAD  16th PREM  WINNERS (six times)  13th Championship  WINNERS (once) 

Giggs handed Wales leading role  Ryan Giggs will captain Wales as he wins his 50th cap in Wednesday's friendly against Hungary in Cardiff.  John Toshack, in his first game as coach after succeeding Mark Hughes, admits he is surprised that Giggs has only just reached the landmark. "With the games he's played for United, proportionately it doesn't seem that many for Wales," Toshack said. "But he's one of the greatest of all Welsh internationals and on his 50th cap it's appropriate he's captain." Giggs admits he had briefly considered retirement from the international game, but is now targetting playing for Wales in the 2008 European Championships. The Manchester United wing revealed how club manager Sir Alex Ferguson talked him into extending his Wales career. "I briefly discussed my international future with Sir Alex, but he urged me to carry on," Giggs said. "He feels, like myself, that I have no weight problems and keep myself fit, so in three or four years' time I will be able to play in the European finals if we get there. "The manager has always wanted me to play for my club and country and he was keen for me to continue because I am fit enough."  Giggs admits he was wavering and considering joining the likes of former Wales skipper Gary Speed and United team-mate Paul Scholes in committing the remaining years of his career to club football. But Giggs is now focussed on making the Toshack era even more successful than the time Hughes spent at the helm. The Manchester United winger won his first cap as a 17-year-old in 1991, an away loss to Germany, and now faces his landmark appearance at the age of 31. With Giggs leading Wales out against Hungary, there is every chance that he will become the permanent successor to Speed. However, Toshack refused to reveal whether he sees Giggs as a long-term option. "For this particular game I think it is appropriate that Ryan Giggs will be captain, it's his 50th cap and he's known for some time about that," Toshack said. On Wednesday night Toshack takes charge of his first match since replacing Hughes, and Giggs said: "It's my 50th cap and I am looking forward to it, and I hope to play a lot more times from here on in. "It's important to be here, all the players feel the same. It's a new start and all the top players certainly see it as important. "I see myself leading by example, it is something I have taken on for Wales as well as United these past few seasons. "The way John is looking at things, he is aiming to build his side around the experienced lads right up to the next tournament, the Euro 2006 event. "I have told John I will be around for the next European tournament, by then I will be 35 so hopefully I will still be okay. "A lot can happen, but I'm hoping to be around." Giggs' own personal future at Old Trafford is still up in the air as he has yet to reach agreement on a new contract, with Manchester United offering one extra year and Giggs seeking two. "I have put the contract thing to the back of my mind at the moment," said Giggs. "It is an important period for the club and I am just concentrated on that. "I've heard the suggestions, hopefully there is a two-year deal about to be offered because that is what I am looking for, to get it sorted out. "I'm enjoying my football, the way United have been playing and my own form, you have to enjoy it. "We have massive games coming up: Manchester City this week, then the Everton cup tie, followed by AC Milan in the Champions League, and my first Wales game under John Toshack, so it's an important time." 

Underdogs have more fun  I've always had a soft spot for the FA Cup, it's a fabulous competition - the best in the world - and there's nothing quite like it.  We play Aston Villa in the third round on Saturday, and on paper it should be a straightforward win for them - but it's horrible being in the favourites' dressing room.  It's a terrible feeling as a manager when you are expected to win. You're wondering whether your players will be up for it and doubts go through your mind. You try to instil in your players that they have to be professional and prepared for the battle ahead. They have to be ready for the crowd, a bad pitch sometimes, and what the underdogs will throw at them. But even if you do that, you still wonder if they will grasp it. The underdogs, on the other hand, have nothing to lose and can go out and enjoy it. Lower division players are not used to the publicity that surrounds the Cup and it's great for a manager because it's something different to talk about.  You're not talking about struggles in the league, no-one is thinking about whether your form is good or bad, and the town is buzzing. As a boy, I remember being in short trousers and rushing down the road because people were coming up to the top of the hill and saying Norwich City were in town to face the Blades. Their fans were in big double-decker buses and waving down to us while we were sat there like the Railway Children. I also remember crying my eyes out when Burnley beat us. Every supporter really believes their club could get to the later stages. As a player, Scunthorpe did well at Newcastle once. Everyone said we were going to get slaughtered because they had Malcolm Macdonald. We took the lead and looked like we were going to hang on for a 1-0 win but Terry McDermott equalised in the last few minutes. There was an electricity strike and we had to play the replay in the afternoon - we lost 3-0. I still feel aggrieved at the manner of the defeat to Arsenal in the semi-finals a couple of seasons ago. The referee's decision went against us.  It should be a cracking game against Villa. We're playing a super club, there should be a big crowd and it's live on BBC One, so we'll have national coverage. I'll just say to the lads "enjoy yourselves" because you play better when there is no pressure. I just hope the lads are ready and won't be overawed - we're not used to big crowds. As for potential winners, you can't look beyond the top three or four clubs, and I can't see too many upsets. There's always an opportunity but it's more likely to happen in the first game when there is an element of surprise. Since I've come to the twilight of my career, I always try to do as well as I can. Over the last couple of years we've got to the semis and quarters - at 200/1 we're a good price each way! 

Pakistan arrive for tour of India  Pakistan arrived in Delhi on Monday amid tight security for their first full tour of India for six years.  The 16-man squad, along with coach Bob Woolmer and support staff, were met at the heavily guarded Indira Gandhi airport after a 45-minute flight. Armed guards kept vigil as the tourists were taken to their hotel along a six-mile route lined with security men. Hindu fundamentalists have threatened to protest over perceived Pakistani backing to militancy in Kashmir. "I am delighted to be back in India," captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said. "I have always enjoyed playing here because people are crazy about cricket. "I am not worried about security. My only concern is how my team plays on the tour." Series between India and Pakistan are always eagerly awaited, largely because politics often restrict the amount of cricket the two teams can play against each other.  This particular engagement, which will include three Tests and six one-dayers, was twice threatened. The schedule has already been put back four days over a dispute which centred on Pakistan's refusal to play the second Test in Ahmedabad. The first Test in Mohali will now get under way on 8 March. Then, following a protracted row over television rights, the Madras High Court issued interim orders to ensure the matches would be broadcast live by state=owned channel Doordarshan. Inzamam beseeched his side to make up for the 2004 defeat to India on home soil, where they lost 2-1 in the Tests and 3-2 in the one-day internationals. He said: "We want to make amends for last year. "The Australian tour was a big learning experience and I think we are in a position to reap benefits in India." After the 2004 series, Pakistan sacked their coach Javed Miandad and replaced him with Woolmer. Inzamam believes Woolmer has improved the side even if a string of positive results have not yet come.  He said: "A lot has changed since that series. Woolmer has helped change the attitude of the boys, which is more positive and professional and I think they can take the pressure of playing in India." Pakistan will be without strike bowler Shoaib Akhtar (hamstring), leaving recalled off-spinner Arshad Khan and leg-spinner Danish Kaneria with much work to do. Inzamam said: "Shoaib's absence will be felt. But our strength is playing as a unit. "[Khan and Kaneria] have a big role to play. They are the ones on whom we will be depending a lot in the Test matches. "We are expecting slow, turning tracks and we have been practicing for such conditions." Pakistan's first match is a three-day warm-up against the Indian Board President's XI in Dharamsala from March 3.  Sourav Ganguly (captain), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Rahul Dravid, Sachin Tendulkar, VVS Laxman, Yuvraj Singh, Dinesh Karthik (wicketkeeper), Irfan Pathan, Anil Kumble, Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan, Ashish Nehra, Lakshmipathy Balaji.  Salman Butt, Yasir Hameed, Taufeeq Umar, Younis Khan, Inzamam-ul-Haq (captain), Yousuf Youhana, Asim Kamal, Kamran Akmal (wkt), Abdul Razzaq, Shoaib Malik, Shahid Afridi, Arshad Khan, Danish Kaneria, Muhammad Sami, Rana Naved, Muhammad Khalil. 

2004: An Irish Athletics Year  2004 won't be remembered as one of Irish athletics' great years.  The year began with that optimism which invariably and unaccountably, seems to herald an upcoming Olympiad. But come late August, a few hot days in the magnificent stadium in Athens told us of the true strength of Irish athletics - or to be more accurate, the lack of it. Sonia O'Sullivan's Olympic farewell apart, there was little to stir the emotions of Irish athletics watchers. But after the disastrous build-up to the games, we shouldn't have been surprised. At the start of the year, an O'Sullivan had been earmarked as Ireland's best medal prospect but as it turned out, walker Gillian never even made it to the start line because of injury. Less than a week before the Olympics, the sport was rocked by news that 10,000m hope Cathal Lombard had tested for the banned substance EPO. Lombard's shattering of Mark Carroll's national 10,000m record in April had already set tongues wagging but even the most cynical of observers, were surprised when he was rumbled after an Irish Sports Council sting operation. The Corkman quickly held his hands up in admission and was promptly handed a two-year ban from the sport.  Back at pre-Olympic ranch in Greece, it must have seemed that things couldn't have got any worse but they very nearly did with walker Jamie Costin lucky to escape with his life after being involved in a car crash near Athens. Once the track and field action began in Athens, a familiar pattern of underachievement emerged although Alistair Cragg's performance in being the only athlete from a European nation to qualify for the 5,000m final did offer hope for the future. Our beloved Sonia scraped into the women's 5K final as a fastest loser and for a couple of days, the country attempted to delude itself into believing that she might be in the medal shake-up. As it happened, she went out the back door early in the final although there was nothing undignified about the way that she insisted on finishing the race over a minute behind winner Meseret Defar. It later transpired that Sonia had been suffering from a stomach bug in the 48 hours before the final although typically, the Cobhwoman played down the effects of the illness. Amazingly, she was back in action a couple of weeks later when beating a world-class field at the Flora Lite 5K road race in London and while her major championship days may be over, it's unlikely that we have seen the last of her in competition. At least Sonia managed to make it to Athens. At the start of the year, several Northern Ireland athletes had genuine hopes of qualifying for the Games but come August, an out-of-form and injured Paul Brizzel was the lone standard bearer for the province. The Ballymena man gave it a lash but his achilles problem, and a bad lane draw, meant a time of 21.00 and an early exit.  James McIlroy, Gareth Turnbull, Zoe Brown and Paul McKee all had to be content with watching the Athens action on their television screens. 800m hope McIlroy never got near his best during the summer and a fourth place in the British trials effectively ended his hopes of making the plane. The injury-plagued Turnbull gamely travelled round Europe in search of the 1500m qualifying mark but 3:39 was the best he could achieve, after missing several months training during the previous winter. A lingering hamstring probem and a virus wrecked McKee's Athens ambitions and both he and Turnbull deserve a slice of better fortune in 2005. Pole vaulter Brown had hoped for a vote of confidence from the British selectors after she had achieved the Athens B standard but the call never came. As the summer ended, stalwarts Catherina McKiernan and Dermot Donnelly hung up their competitive spikes. McKiernan had to candidly acknowledge that time had crept up on her after several injury-ravaged years. Donnelly and his Annadale Striders team-mates later suffered tragedy when their friend and clubman Andy Campbell was found dead at his home on 18 December. A large turnout of athletics-loving folk turned out in west Belfast to offer their respects to the Campbell family and Andy's many friends. As only death can, it put the year's athletics happenings in a sharp perspective. 

Chelsea 3-0 Portsmouth  Didier Drogba scored twice as leaders Chelsea extended their Premiership winning sequence to seven games.  Petr Cech saved from Matthew Taylor before Chelsea took control with Drogba opening the scoring from short range after a neat cutback from Arjen Robben. Frank Lampard's superb pass put Robben through for the second before Yakubu missed a great chance for Pompey. Drogba scored the third with a free kick while substitute Mateja Kezman was inches from a fourth. Chelsea have not dropped a point in the Premiership since drawing 2-2 at Arsenal on 12 December and are moving inexorably towards their first Premiership title. With Arsenal not in action until Sunday, Chelsea lead Manchester United, who moved into second by beating Aston Villa, by 11 points. But Portsmouth are on a poor run of form, with just three wins in 11 Premiership games under Velimir Zajec. Pompey went into the game without the suspended Amdy Faye and Lomana LuaLua and injured duo Steve Stone and Andy Griffin. But the visitors started well, dominating possession in the opening minutes while their esteemed opponents seemed uncharacteristically sluggish. Patrik Berger struck the Chelsea wall with a free-kick and Taylor forced Cech in action with a drilled shot from a tight angle. But Chelsea soon started to assert themselves on the contest with crisp, incisive passing that Pompey struggled to contain. Robben broke down the right and did amazingly well to stay on his feet as he cut inside past Gary O'Neil before drilling a precise low cross for Drogba to tap home. The superb Robben, 21 on Sunday, scored Chelsea's second in the 21st minute.  Drogba laid the ball off to Frank Lampard, whose wonderfully weighted pass caught the Pompey defence static. Robben still had a lot to do and seemed to lose his balance after rounding Jamie Ashdown but kept on his feet to convert from a very tight angle. Damien Duff came close to a third just before the half-hour mark but Ashdown saved low down. Yakubu had a great chance to bring Pompey back into the match but shot just wide when clean through after Frank Lampard's poor pass had sold Terry short. And his failure to put the opportunity away was clinically punished by Drogba, who struck a free-kick over the wall and past Ashdown after David Unsworth hacked Robben to the ground. O'Neil forced Cech into action with a free-kick after the break but the keeper was equal to the test. Both Drogba and Joe Cole scuffed opportunities to extend their lead after a teasing cross from Duff. Drogba went down under a challenge from Dejan Stefanovic but appeals for a penalty were waved away by referee Mike Riley. Mourinho introduced Eidur Gudjohnsen, Tiago and Mateja Kezman - the latter coming within inches of scoring after drilling the ball across Ashdown's goal. Lampard almost made it four close to full-time but Ashdown - at the second attempt - saved Lampard's dipping strike.  Cech, Paulo Ferreira, Gallas, Terry, Bridge, Lampard, Makelele, Cole, Robben (Kezman 75), Drogba (Gudjohnsen 65), Duff (Tiago 67).  Subs Not Used: Cudicini, Jarosik.  Drogba 15, Robben 21, Drogba 39.  Ashdown, Cisse, Primus, Stefanovic, Unsworth (Mezague 54), Kamara, O'Neil, Hughes, Taylor, Berger, Yakubu (Fuller 65).  Subs Not Used: Hislop, De Zeeuw, Curtis.  42,267  M Riley (W Yorkshire). 

Poll explains free-kick decision  Referee Graham Poll said he applied the laws of the game in allowing Arsenal striker Thierry Henry's free-kick in Sunday's 2-2 draw with Chelsea.  Keeper Petr Cech was organising his defensive wall when Henry's quick free-kick flew in, which angered Chelsea. "The whistle doesn't need to be blown. I asked Henry 'do you want a wall?'. He said 'can I take it please?' He was very polite. I said 'yes'," said Poll. "I deal with the laws of the game. I deal with fact." Poll added: "I gave the signal for him to take it. That's what he did. "The same thing happened when I refereed Chelsea against West Ham in an FA Cup replay two years ago - when Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink scored - and I don't remember them complaining about that." Henry explained why he paused before striking the ball for the goal, which put Arsenal 2-1 ahead.  Henry told BBC Radio Five Live: "The ref asked me if I wanted 10 yards or if I wanted to take it straight away and I said that I wanted to take it straight away. He said to me, 'go'. "It looks a bit strange because I took my time. I was waiting for Eidur Gudjohnsen to move and give me some space. "At one point, he turned and that's when I tried it." Former referees' chief Philip Don backed Poll's decision to allow the strike. "The advantage should go to the non-offending team. On this occasion it was Arsenal," Don told BBC Radio Five Live. "Referees have been told to ask the player 'do you want to take the quick free-kick?' or 'do you want me to get the wall back 9.15 metres?' "If they say 'quick', the referee tends to move away and allow the kick." Don was head of the referees for the Premier League and revealed all clubs were informed of free-kick options. "We spoke to all the Premier League clubs as well as all the Football League clubs in the summer of 2003 explaining what the situation was," he added "We gave them the option of either the quick free-kick or the 'ceremonial' free-kick. Players and clubs were aware of what referees were doing." 

No lack of Christmas spirit  It's that time of year when footballers and managers brace themselves for what I think is the most important period of the entire season.  I was thinking to myself last week that the last time I had a Christmas off was 39 years ago. I have never been out of work at Christmas as a player or manager since I was 17 when our youth team coach at Chesterfield, a chap called Reg Wright, gave us Christmans off. But only because there were no games. I think things have changed dramatically over the years in terms of discipline and looking after themselves. Players take a lot more responsibility these days, in particular the older ones - I'm talking about those 32 and over, here. They've changed their whole outlook in order to continue playing at this level. Managers as well need to trust players more than we have in the past. In my squad I haven't got anyone I have to warn regarding excess and over-eating, which is a massive bonus.  Over the years, there have been some players in the squad who you would never know if they were going to turn up for training smelling of booze. As per usual, we will be training on Christmas Day, prior to our Boxing Day trip to Coventry. But there are times when you can do too much over Christmas, having the players in for training and then leaving for the game. I'll try and strike a balance and after we've trained in the morning, the players can go home for a few hours and we'll leave for Coventry about 7pm. I allow the players to have a pre-Christmas night out. They came to me in November and asked if they could have a night out in Leeds and I said 'no'. I also said 'no' to Manchester, Sheffield and Nottingham and eventually let them go to Dublin after we played at Millwall. I send a minder with them to look after them, not because I don't trust them.  The problem is that nowadays, footballers are big news and you never know when somebody is going to step out with a mobile phone and take pictures of them. You have to trust your players to behave themselves, but unfortunately you can't govern for other people's behaviour. There is always an idiot out there who wants to get himself a bit notoriety or his name in the local paper by picking a fight and taking a pop at a professional footballer. I also know that last year one newspaper asked certain young ladies to find out when and where players were holding their Christmas parties in the hope of getting embarrassing photos. I tried to behave myself as a player and I remember when I was at Scunthorpe, going to bed at 10pm on New Year's Eve as we had a game on New Year's Day.  I missed all the festivities and seeing the new year in, only to wake up the next morning to find there was two feet of snow on the ground! We all love Christmas, though and I like to take my children William and Amy to see the lights and take them to Santa's grotto. But when you're in football you accept that Christmas is not the same for you as for others. In fact, until somebody mentioned it to me the other day, I never realised that it's become the norm for me and others in football not to have a Christmas holiday. One of the nice things when I do retire will be not having to worry about the phone ringing over Christmas. You're always on tenterhooks on Christmas Day that somebody is injured or has had an accident playing with their kids. But I would like to take this opportunity to wish everybody a Happy Christmas and a prosperous new year. 

Molby says Gravesen is Real deal  Jan Molby is convinced fellow Dane Thomas Gravesen will be a major success when he leaves Everton for Real Madrid.  Gravesen is set to join the Spanish giants after the clubs agreed a £2m-plus fee for the player. Molby told BBC Sport: "It is a little bit of a surprise, but there is no doubt the talent is there with Thomas. "It is there for everyone to see. I'm sure he will do a good job. They will be looking for him to be the strong man, but he has exceptional ability." Gravesen is out of contract at the end of the season and would be able to leave on a free transfer but Real are expected to pay up to £2.5m to sign the midfielder in January. Molby said: "The strength of the majority of the players at Real is going forward, and maybe not having a lot of defensive qualities.  "Thomas has been playing more of a free role this season at Everton, but when he plays for Denmark he has a lot of defensive duties and he can do that as well. "Real will want Thomas to sit in there and make them defensively sound, with all the superstars going forward. But he can be trusted with the ball, and if he does venture forward he is more than good enough to do some fancy work." Gravesen is a strong personality and a major figure at Everton - but he will be reduced to the ranks among the big names assembled at The Bernabeu. Molby said: "Thomas likes to be the leader and he wouldn't go down as a 'galactico' signing. "It will be interesting to see what happens the first time he gets upset with Zinedine Zidane, Ronaldo or Raul for not tracking back - but that's all part of the way he is. "He is a strong personality and he has to keep that if he is to function at 100%. But it is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I don't think he will spoil it by being too petulant. "He has had a very, very good season at Everton. I always felt he was a very good player, a better player than he had shown at Everton. "He has played well for Denmark at European Championships and World Cups and now he's showing that form for Everton. As Everton have progressed he's got better and better." Molby believes Everton's hopes of qualifying for Europe would be dealt a devastating blow if Gravesen leaves.  He said: "It would be a massive, massive setback. People talk about the success of Tim Cahill, Lee Carsley playing well in the holding role, Marcus Bent's goals and the work of the defensive boys - but the catalyst is always Thomas Gravesen. "For Everton to lose Gravesen and that extra bit of quality he gives you that wins matches would be a real blow. There are not a lot of players around like that." But Molby said Gravesen's respect for Everton manager David Moyes means he may yet stay. He added: "If there are any doubts, then I know he really likes David Moyes and enjoys living on Merseyside. "I'm sure the two of them will have a chat, but it is always difficult to turn down Real Madrid." 

Faultless Federer has no equal  Roger Federer - nice bloke, fantastic tennis player - the ultimate sportsman.  When Lleyton Hewitt shook his hand after getting another thrashing, a third in as many months, the Australian said; "You're the best." How right he is. The stats speak for themselves: 11 titles from 11 finals during 2004 - three of them Grand Slams - and 13 final victories in a row going back to Vienna 2003. That's an open-era record. Hewitt, at times in Houston, showed form which easily matched his Grand Slam-winning efforts of 2001 and 2002. But he was outplayed. Twice. Hewitt, along with Andy Roddick and Marat Safin, is sure to be prominent during 2005. But realistically, all three will be fighting for the world number two ranking. According to all those players and even Federer himself, the Swiss star is in a different league.  "Right now I feel that a little bit," he told BBC Sport. "I've dominated all the top ten players. They say nice things about me because I have beaten them all. I am dominating the game right now and I hope it continues!" The number one player in the world is also the main man for promoting the sport off court. He has just been voted, by the International Tennis Writers, as the best "Ambassador for Tennis" on the ATP Tour. He has time for everyone. Every match, from first round to final, is followed by a series of press interviews in three languages; English, French and Swiss-German. After a major win, there are extra requests, obligations and interviews, all seen through to the end with courtesy and, most importantly, good humour. "You guys are funny, I have a good time with you guys," he said, genuinely happy to talk into yet another tape recorder. "I see you pretty much every day on the tour so to give away an hour for interviews is really no problem for me. "If I can promote tennis and the sport then that is good for me. People say thanks back and that is nice." What a refreshing attitude from someone who could easily dominate the sports pages for a decade. It sums up his modest personality. Shortly after collecting a Waterford Crystal trophy, a Mercedes convertible and a tasty cheque for $1.5m, Federer addressed the Houston crowd and concluded by saying "thanks for having me". Now he just needs to find a way of winning the French Open, the one Grand Slam to so far elude him. 

Bellamy fined after row  Newcastle have fined their Welsh striker Craig Bellamy two weeks' wages - about £80,000 - following his row with manager Graeme Souness.  But Bellamy, 25, has not been put on the transfer list, although he did not train with the first team on Tuesday. Magpies chairman Freddy Shepherd told the Newcastle Evening Chronicle: "It is not about money. It is about a player thinking he is bigger than this club. "No individual is, be it the chairman, the manager or a player." Souness dropped Bellamy for Sunday's game against Arsenal, claiming the Welshman had feigned injury after being asked to play out of position. "When I heard what the manager was saying I was in shock," Bellamy said. "I thought 'not only has he gone behind my back, he's lying'," he said in response to Souness' remarks. And the Wales international refused to apologise. "I won't apologise because I have done nothing wrong," he told the Evening Chronicle. "There's no doubt about it, I am out of here." The difficult relationship between Souness and Bellamy boiled over at the weekend, and has led to a war of words in the media.  Bellamy's claim that Souness had lied about the background to the bust-up was strongly denied by Shepherd, who accused the striker of "cheating" the club. "I wish to put the record straight regarding the Bellamy situation," said Shepherd. "Craig walked off the training ground saying his hamstring was tight (on Friday), but what he failed to reveal was that he had told other members of the squad before training that he intended to feign injury. "When Graeme discovered this he immediately ordered Bellamy to attend a meeting in my office. "At that meeting Bellamy admitted to Graeme and I that he had told the players that he was going to "fake" an injury in training and walk off. "He also agreed at that meeting to apologise to his team-mates for his behaviour. He didn't do this which resulted in the action taken by the manager at the weekend, which I fully support. "In my book this is cheating on the club, the supporters, the manager and his own team-mates. "He is paid extremely well and I consider his behaviour to be totally unacceptable and totally unprofessional."  Bellamy's latest outburst would appear to make his chances of a first-team recall remote. But even before Newcastle said the player would not be sold, Bellamy insisted he had no intention of handing in a transfer request. "I don't want the fans to think for one minute that I wouldn't play for this club," he said. "I'd play anywhere for this club, even in goal. "It's a very difficult situation for me at the moment but I'd never ask to leave this club. "This club means so much to me. I couldn't do it because I know I couldn't come back here and play against Newcastle. It would hurt too much." 

Murphy: That was a bruising battle  That's what I call a tough game. It was very physical and fair play to the Italians they made us work very hard for our victory.  Their organisation was very, very good and they proved again that they are getting better and better as the years go by. It is by far the strongest Italian team that we have faced. We knew all along that we would be a huge threat particularly the first game in the Championship. It was not like the days gone by when you could get scores on the board early. We had to work our socks off and try and build our scores gradually. It was really hard work out there and the players have plenty of bumps and bruises to prove it. I'm not too bad, but there are one or two others who will be feeling it a bit on Monday morning. In the backs, we were not frustrated at such, but the new rucking laws were a little bit problematical. The different interpretations between the referee and the players was a little difficult. But we managed to get the ball in our hands and I got a try near the end of the first half. It's always good to score. It was great work by Brian and I always knew I had scored even though it went upstairs to the video referee. Eddie (O'Sullivan) was very calm at half-time even though we were only 8-6 ahead. He spelled out what we needed to do and advocated getting the ball out of our own territory.  That new ruck law made it a bit more difficult to get out of our own half. We were penalised a lot at the breakdown, and if they had kicked all their chances at goal we would have been behind at the break. So really we went back to playing a territory game and simplifying things and having more patience on the ball. Every one was a little down after the game following the injuries to Brian and Gordon. As yet we do not know the full extent of the injuries, but it does not that good. Now we have to focus on Scotland and only six days to recover. It's a big ask after such a bruising encounter. I was very impressed the way the Scots played against the French on Saturday. It could so easily have gone their way but for a couple of decisions. We will be under no illusions it is going to be tough for us. In the meantime, when in Rome ... . 

Dallaglio his own man to the end  Controversy and Lawrence Dallaglio have never been very far away from each other throughout a glittering international career.  Even the end of his nine-year career came out of the blue, just four days before the start of the season. But then Dallaglio has always been his own man. Ever since emerging onto the international scene Dallaglio has polarised opinions. To supporters of England, Dallaglio could do no wrong. An integral part of a sustained period of success for England, Dallaglio's crowning glory was his part in the side that won the Rugby World Cup in 2003.  Rival fans, meanwhile, have tended to take an alternative view, seeing Dallaglio as the epitome of the less agreeable characteristics of English rugby. Never afraid to speak his mind, be it to the referee or the opposition on the pitch, or his coach or the media off it, Dallaglio has sometimes rubbed people up the wrong way. Dallaglio arrived as part of the unheralded England side which became the shock winners of the first Rugby Sevens World Cup in 1993. It took him another two years to graduate to the full England XV, but once there he proved to the manor born. Displaying maturity and physical power beyond his years, Dallaglio rapidly established himself as an automatic choice able to play any one of the three back-row positions at international standard.  Within two years of his debut, Dallaglio was offered the England captain's band, and his career continued to go from strength to strength as he made the 1997 Lions tour to South Africa. Although overlooked for the captaincy in favour of England team-mate Martin Johnson, he played a massive role in the 2-1 series victory. But after building up a seemingly unstoppable momentum, Dallaglio's career hit the buffers at speed in 1999.  First came the last-minute defeat to Wales in which Dallaglio's decision not to kick for goal in the dying minutes was blamed for costing England a Grand Slam. Worse was to follow though as an infamous newspaper sting cost him his treasured England captaincy. With sensational allegations of drug use - of which he was subsequently cleared - splashed across the front pages, a devastated Dallaglio stepped down as England skipper. But he bounced back, getting his head down at club level before returning to the England fold, albeit now as a lieutenant to new captain Johnson. As a member of a new-look England side on the long road to World Cup glory - a journey not without mishaps as a succession of Grand Slams opportunities were spurned - Dallaglio emerged as a key performer once again.  Yet another setback arrived in 2001 as a serious knee injury cut short Dallaglio's involvement on the Lions tour to Australia.  Rumours began to circulate that his career was over but, in typical Dallaglio style, he embarked on a punishing schedule of rehabilitation to return an even more fearsome physical specimen. One effect of the injury was to rob Dallaglio of much of his pace, but ever the pragmatist, he reinvented himself as a close quarters number eight of the highest calibre.  The only player to play every minute of England's World Cup triumph in Australia, Dallaglio could hardly have done more to secure England's historic win, and for that he will always be held in the highest esteem by England supporters. Following Johnson's retirement, Dallaglio's career came full circle as Woodward restored him as England captain. While England did not hit the heights in Dallaglio's second spell as captain, losing five of their eight post-World Cup Tests, Dallaglio led by example, leaving him as one of the few members of a squad lacking many World Cup stars to live up to expectations. Dallaglio walks away from the international game safe in the knowledge that he will go down as one of England's most accomplished players, if not one of the great captains despite his evident pride in leading his country.  The problem now for England is how to replace the almost irreplaceable. The likes of Matt Dawson, Jonny Wilkinson, Phil Vickery and Hill have all been mentioned as contenders for Dallaglio's role as captain. But it is as a player that England will really struggle to replace the 32-year-old. Although players like Joe Worsley and Chris Jones are more than capable of stepping up, the fact that there is no stand-out candidate speaks volumes about Dallaglio's massive influence on English rugby. 

Davenport dismantles young rival  Top seed Lindsay Davenport booked her place in the last 16 of the Australian Open with a convincing 6-2 6-4 win over Nicole Vaidisova of the Czech Republic.  The American had too much power for her 15-year-old opponent, breaking twice in the first set and once in the second. The German-born Vaidisova rallied well at times but was unable to find a way back after falling behind 3-2 in the opening set. Davenport, who closed out with an ace, plays Karolina Sprem in the next round. "I was fully expecting a tough opponent and was able to play well enough to get through it," said Davenport. "I think she hits some great shots. She made some errors but probably some inexperience played a role in that. But she's so young and obviously has a big game and has many, many years to improve on that." Sprem, the Croatian 13th seed, saw off Russia's Elena Likhovtseva 6-3 6-2. Former world number one  powered her way into the fourth round with a straight sets win over Anna Smashnova. The 27th seed from Israel stuck with Williams until 3-3 in the first set before it became one-way traffic.  The American made 26 unforced errors but was still good enough to romp through the contest in exactly an hour. She reeled off nine straight games to finish a 6-3 6-0 winner.  remains on course to become the first Australian to win her home title since Chris O'Neil in 1978. The 10th seed equalled her best performance at a Grand Slam event when she beat unseeded Russian Nadia Petrova 6-3 6-2 to reach the fourth round. After a tough first set, Molik grew in confidence and won in just 56 minutes. She will now meet Venus Williams. "Bring it on," said the 23-year-old. "I played pretty well and it was nice to get through in straight sets." "We were destined to meet, I guess," Williams said referring to her match with Molik. "It will be a huge match for her in Australia. I can tell she's probably very motivated by that so I need to get out there and play well."  beat Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova in a rollercoaster match. Dementieva came through 7-5 5-7 6-4, becoming the seventh Russian woman to reach the last 16 in Melbourne. The match lasted almost three hours and featured 13 service breaks, including three in the final set when Dementieva held her nerve to seal the win. She now faces  after the Swiss 12th seed beat American Abigail Spears 7-6 6-3. French Open champion  received a free ride into the last 16 after Lisa Raymond was forced to withdraw. Raymond, the 25th seeded American, was ruled out after sustaining a left abdominal muscle tear in the doubles. Myskina, the third seed, now plays France's  who beat Francesca Schiavone of Italy 6-3 6-3. "I'm extremely disappointed because I couldn't have asked to play better in my first two matches," Raymond said. 

A need to limit foreign numbers  With all the top clubs vying for the title and the Champions League, at least the FA Cup gave an opportunity for one or two of the younger lads at the major clubs to get a game in the first team.  I don't personally like to see weakened sides in the competition, but it seems in some cases it's the only chance for the young lads to get some first-team experience. Over the years the influx of foreign players has affected the young Englishman more than anyone. I know you have to have freedom of movement but I do believe a time will come when countries will have to put a limit on the number of overseas players - including Europeans.  I think the trend has become more noticeable since the influx of foreign bosses like Arsene Wenger, Claudio Ranieri and now Jose Mourinho. They seem to know the foreign market more than the English, although Chelsea appear to be signing one or two young Englishmen. When the foreigners first started coming into the country, I thought people like Dennis Bergkamp and Gianfranco Zola were absolutely magnificent. Zola is still the best player I have ever seen in my time as a manager. I don't think anybody would ever begrudge players like that because you would pay money to watch these individuals. But I think the problem now is that clubs, even at the lower level, find English players expensive. Agents are offering players left, right and centre who are not only cheap but can also come over on trial, which was unheard of in the past. Bolton are a good example. I never thought they could be successful, but Sam Allardyce has waved his magic wand and brought these players over. The technology that Sam uses has definitely paid off. He has all these databases on every foreign player.  He is a unique person - I never thought you could have 10 different nations in a dressing room and still have a good team spirit! But Sam has proved that wrong over the last few years and will continue to do it. What Bolton have said is they can't pay large transfer fees but they can get these players in for 6-12 months and compete at a high level that way. My view about foreign players changed about three years ago when I had quite a large number of them at Bramall Lane.  The match we played with West Brom which was abandoned after we went down to six players changed my views on having a large amount of foreign players. I decided then to go with the kids and if I could sign English lads I would. I got two sent off in that game and one or two other things happened with players. I also found that with a couple of players that didn't talk English it is very difficult coaching-wise to get them to grasp the fundamentals. If possible I will look for players I sign to speak English, although we are in the process of signing Hao Haidong from China.  He has very limited English but is a very experienced player who I don't think you have to tell too many times what you want him to do. There was a time when Scottish football was a good source for players but if you speak to people that look at players up there now it is clear the standard has dropped over the years. You only have to look at the Scotland squad - the talent is not there any longer because they don't invest in their youth development. It is common knowledge we enquired about Liverpool's Neil Mellor, who could now find himself pushed down the pecking order by the arrival of Fernando Morientes from Real Madrid. I think people like Neil are better off getting some games under their belt, but it's difficult because Liverpool are such a great club and he has had opportunities there. He has scored goals there so they rate him highly and it must be difficult for young players to turn their back on that and drop down to the Championship level. 

England 17-18 France  England suffered an eighth defeat in 11 Tests as scrum-half Dimitri Yachvili booted France to victory at Twickenham.  Two converted tries from Olly Barkley and Josh Lewsey helped the world champions to a 17-6 half-time lead. But Charlie Hodgson and Barkley missed six penalties between them, while Yachvili landed six for France to put the visitors in front. England could have won the game with three minutes left, but Hodgson pushed an easy drop goal opportunity wide. It was a dismal defeat for England, coming hard on the heels of an opening Six Nations loss in Wales. They should have put the game well beyond France's reach, but remarkably remained scoreless for the entire second half. A scrappy opening quarter saw both sides betray the lack of confidence engendered by poor opening displays against Wales and Scotland respectively. Hodgson had an early opportunity to settle English nerves but pushed a straightforward penalty attempt wide. But a probing kick from France centre Damien Traille saw Mark Cueto penalised for holding on to the ball in the tackle, Yachvili giving France the lead with a kick from wide out.  France twice turned over England ball at the breakdown early on as the home side struggled to generate forward momentum, one Ben Kay charge apart. A spell of tit-for-tat kicking emphasised the caution on both sides, until England refused a possible three points to kick a penalty to the corner, only to botch the subsequent line-out. But England made the breakthrough after 19 minutes, when a faltering move off the back of a scrum led to the opening try. Jamie Noon took a short pass from Barkley and ran a good angle to plough through Yann Delaigue's flimsy tackle before sending his centre partner through to score at the posts.  Hodgson converted and added a penalty after one of several French infringements on the floor for a 10-3 lead. The fly-half failed to dispense punishment though with a scuffed attempt after France full-back Pepito Elhorga, scragged by Lewsey, threw the ball into touch. Barkley also missed two longer-range efforts as the first half drew to a close, but by then England had scored a second converted try. After a series of phases lock Danny Grewcock ran hard at the French defence and off-loaded out of Sylvain Marconnet's tackle to Lewsey. The industrious wing cut back in on an angle and handed off hooker Sebastien Bruno to sprint over. After a dire opening to the second half, France threw on three forward replacements in an attempt to rectify the situation, wing Jimmy Marlu having already departed injured. Yachvili nibbled away at the lead with a third penalty after 51 minutes.  And when Lewis Moody was twice penalised - for handling in a ruck and then straying offside - the scrum-half's unerring left boot cut the deficit to two points. Barkley then missed his third long-range effort to increase the tension. And after seeing another attempt drop just short, Yachvili put France ahead with his sixth penalty with 11 minutes left.  England sent on Ben Cohen and Matt Dawson, and after Barkley's kick saw Christophe Dominici take the ball over his own line, the stage was set for a victory platform. But even after a poor scrummage, Hodgson had the chance to seal victory but pushed his drop-goal attempt wide. England threw everything at the French in the final frantic moments, but the visitors held on for their first win at Twickenham since 1997.  J Robinson (capt); M Cueto, J Noon, O Barkley, J Lewsey; C Hodgson, H Ellis; G Rowntree, S Thompson, P Vickery; D Grewcock, B Kay; J Worsley, L Moody, M Corry.  A Titterrell, A Sheridan, S Borthwick, A Hazell, M Dawson, H Paul, B Cohen.  P Elhorga; C Dominici, B Liebenberg, D Traille, J Marlu; Y Delaigue, D Yachvili; S Marconnet, S Bruno, N Mas; F Pelous (capt), J Thion, S Betsen, J Bonnaire, S Chabal.  W Servat, J Milloud, G Lamboley, Y Nyanga, P Mignoni, F Michalak, J-P Grandclaude.  Paddy O'Brien (New Zealand) 

Safin plays down Wimbledon hopes  Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.  After losing in round one last year, Safin said he had "given up" on Wimbledon and winning his second Grand Slam title has not changed his mind. "I'll play, but with no expectations. I feel like I can't waste my time, my energy on that surface," he said. "Some people, they cannot play on clay. Some people, they cannot play on a hard court. Me, I can't play on grass." However, Safin is hopeful that winning the Australian Open will give him the belief he needs to win more Grand Slam titles. "It's a relief for me. Two grand slams, it's already something. But with this one I worked really hard for it," he said. "Basically, I would love to win a couple more. I think I have a chance if I continue this way.  "If (coach) Peter Lundgren will stick around with me and wants to work with me for a bit longer, I think I can make it." The 25-year-old shocked Pete Sampras in the 2000 US Open final to win his first major title but then lost in two Australian Open finals. Safin admitted he had begun to doubt whether he would win another Grand Slam. "I didn't expect that (to win the 2000 US Open) - it was against Sampras, I wasn't the favourite so I had no pressure whatsoever," he said. "After the first final that I didn't win against Thomas Johansson (in 2002), I couldn't see myself winning the Grand Slams anymore. "I was once in the semi-finals of the French Open, but I didn't believe I can win it. "I just couldn't handle the pressure. You need to believe in yourself, and I didn't."  And after losing the first set 6-1 to Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday's final, Safin said he began to doubt himself again. "I am 25. I'm playing against Hewitt. At least you have to have the opportunity to win it, at least have a chance," he said. "It's like you go there and you lose first set 6-1, then you start to think: 'This is not my day. The way I'm playing is ridiculous.' "But then you start to really be a little bit more selfish and try to find a way out of there. "And I found it. I was like really much I was much happier than in 2000, that's for sure, because I get over it." 

Safin cool on Wimbledon  Newly-crowned Australian Open champion Marat Safin has ruled out any chance of winning Wimbledon in the future.  After losing in round one last year, Safin said he had "given up" on Wimbledon and winning his second Grand Slam title has not changed his mind. "I'll play, but with no expectations. I feel like I can't waste my time, my energy on that surface," he said. "Some people, they cannot play on clay. Some people, they cannot play on a hard court. Me, I can't play on grass." However, Safin is hopeful that winning the Australian Open will give him the belief he needs to win more Grand Slam titles. "It's a relief for me. Two grand slams, it's already something. But with this one I worked really hard for it," he said. "Basically, I would love to win a couple more. I think I have a chance if I continue this way.  "If (coach) Peter Lundgren will stick around with me and wants to work with me for a bit longer, I think I can make it." The 25-year-old shocked Pete Sampras in the 2000 US Open final to win his first major title but then lost in two Australian Open finals. Safin admitted he had begun to doubt whether he would win another Grand Slam. "I didn't expect that (to win the 2000 US Open) - it was against Sampras, I wasn't the favourite so I had no pressure whatsoever," he said. "After the first final that I didn't win against Thomas Johansson (in 2002), I couldn't see myself winning the Grand Slams anymore. "I was once in the semi-finals of the French Open, but I didn't believe I can win it. "I just couldn't handle the pressure. You need to believe in yourself, and I didn't."  And after losing the first set 6-1 to Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday's final, Safin said he began to doubt himself again. "I am 25. I'm playing against Hewitt. At least you have to have the opportunity to win it, at least have a chance," he said. "It's like you go there and you lose first set 6-1, then you start to think: 'This is not my day. The way I'm playing is ridiculous.' "But then you start to really be a little bit more selfish and try to find a way out of there. "And I found it. I was like really much I was much happier than in 2000, that's for sure, because I get over it." 

Pennant guilty of wasting talent  Had Jermaine Pennant fulfilled the enormous potential that convinced Arsenal to pay Notts County £2m for the 16-year-old in January 1999, his fall from grace might have registered more than a blip on football's Richter Scale.  But the Nottingham-born winger has repeatedly failed to grasp the opportunities presented to him by the Gunners, so much so that it is inevitable the club will release him when his contract expires in the summer. Pennant effectively blew his chances of ever making it at Highbury by upsetting the club's normally unflappable manager Arsene Wenger, who finally lost patience with the player's poor timekeeping. Now, after being caught drink-driving for the second time in 12 months, Pennant no longer has to worry about whether he makes it to training on schedule.  Aged 22, there is no doubt Pennant still has time to resurrect his career when he is freed this summer. Compare his fate with that of West Bromwich Albion striker Lee Hughes, who will be 34 by the time he has served his six-year sentence for causing death by dangerous driving. Pennant may even find himself back at Birmingham City, the club who handed him a lifeline when it became clear his Arsenal career was well and truly over. Blues manager Steve Bruce apparently saw enough in Pennant in the month he was at St Andrews to issue an empassioned plea for leniency ahead of sentencing, claiming he had finally turned the corner. "We've got him in a flat up here, we've got him away from the distractions of London, we've had someone with him for the best part of every day and .. done everything we can to try and put him on the straight and narrow," Bruce said ahead of Tuesday's court hearing.  "He's done wrong and we've all done stupid things when we were younger and he admits that now. "You can't describe how stupid he has been but as long as he learns from it, I don't think there is going to be any benefit from sending him to prison." The judge apparently disagreed. Birmingham chairman David Gold said last month he would still be keen to sign Pennant even if the 22-year-old got a custodial sentence. But wherever Pennant ends up, talk will not be of his potential but whether he can steer clear of trouble off the pitch. Pennant has insisted in the past that he does not have an attitude problem. But this is a player who, as well as failing to turn up to training on time, has been:  - Caught driving under the influence of alcohol twice;   - Sent home by England after breaking a team curfew before a Euro Under-21 qualifier against Turkey in April 2003;   - And been sent off in an U-21 friendly against Croatia in August of the same year for punching an opponent, although he claimed he was racially abused. Pennant's supporters may claim that too much fame and money at an early age are in some way to blame for his lapses in judgment. During his sentencing, his lawyer Barry Warburton told the court Pennant had never been in trouble during a difficult childhood in Nottingham, despite growing up on "one of the worst estates" in the city. He had only "intermittent" schooling and when he arrived at Arsenal "had very little reading and writing skills". "They in fact educated him," said Mr Warburton, who had claimed imprisonment "could completely destroy his career". But his childhood aside, Pennant knows he has been treading a fine line for some time. He has publicly stated on numerous occasions that he is grateful to Wenger and Arsenal for their faith in him. Yet he continues to spurn the chances that are given him. It all looked so good for Pennant when he scored a 10-minute hat-trick against Southampton on his full league debut for Arsenal in May 2003. Yet his wayward behaviour coupled with his inability to displace Robert Pires from the Gunners first team mean he is a talent quickly disappearing over the footballing horizon. Whether he vanishes completely is down to him. As Professional Footballers' Association chief executive Gordon Taylor puts it, Pennant is now at a "crossroads in his career". "I hope he has got the strength to come out of this and be better for it," said Taylor. 

Federer joins all-time greats  The last year has seen one player dominate men's tennis, and one country dominate the women's game.  Roger Federer became the first man since Mats Wilander in 1988 to win three Grand Slams in one season. And after Anastasia Myskina became the first Russian woman to win a Grand Slam at the French Open, two more followed at Wimbledon and the US Open. Meanwhile, Briton Tim Henman enjoyed his best year, while Greg Rusedski fought back superbly from adversity. Federer began the year as world number one and holder of the Wimbledon and Masters Cup titles, and set about conquering new ground. The Swiss sounded warning of the dominance to come at the Australian Open.  He ripped through the draw before beating Marat Safin in the final. Andy Roddick was the only player to put up any real resistance at Wimbledon, and Federer's performance against Lleyton Hewitt in the US Open final was breathtaking. Federer again got the better of Hewitt in the season-ending Masters Cup. His victory in Houston proved to be his 13th successive win in a final, an Open era record. The only major let-down was a third-round loss to Gustavo Kuerten at the French Open, and Roland Garros will be his main target in 2005.  There was also a surprise loss to the unheralded Tomas Berdych at the Olympic Games, which saw Chile dominate as Nicoals Massu took the singles and then paired up with Fernando Gonzaelz to win doubles gold. Another major trophy that looks beyond Federer is the Davis Cup, which was won by Spain in a 3-2 home success over the USA in Seville. Roddick struggled on the clay, losing to Rafael Nadal on the opening day before going down to Carlos Moya in the all-important fourth rubber.  Henman broke new ground by reaching the semis on clay at the French Open - a stunning effort - and also at the US Open. A quarter-final defeat to Mario Ancic at Wimbledon was disappointing for the limp manner of the Briton's defeat, but he remains optimistic of going further next year.  British number two Rusedski endured a rollercoaster year, returning to the circuit after being cleared of a doping offence in March. With his ranking down at 168, many feared the 31-year-old's career was over, but he battled back in the second half of the season to re-enter the top 50. The Russian women finally delivered on their long-recognised promise in 2004, with Myskina, Maria Sharapova and Svetlana Kuznetsova winning Grand Slams, before taking the season-ending Fed Cup. But while the young Russians were on the way up, it was a different story for the Belgians and the Williams sisters. Only veteran Lindsay Davenport held the new wave at bay, a stunning run of form after Wimbledon taking her to number one ahead of Amelie Mauresmo, whose Grand Slam drought goes on. The year started in regulation fashion as Justine Henin-Hardenne beat compatriot Kim Clijsters at the Australian Open.  A virus ruined the rest of Henin-Hardenne's year, although she was fit enough to win Olympic gold, but Clijsters had an even more miserable 2004. She suffered a serious wrist injury and then announced the end of her relationship with Lleyton Hewitt, and will be happy to see the year end. In their absence, Myskina thrashed Elena Dementieva in a historic, but woeful, all-Russian final at the French Open. Wimbledon was a more refreshing affair as Sharapova captivated SW19, showing nerves of steel as she battled past Davenport and Serena Williams to take the title.  Davenport was a strong favourite for the US Open but, hampered by injury, lost to the powerful and unflappable Kuznetsova in the semis. Kuznetsova went on to give Dementieva another Grand Slam final thrashing, with the latter's wayward serve becoming one of the talking points of the year. With the Russians still improving, the likes of Henin-Hardenne, Clijsters, Davenport, Mauresmo, Venus and Serena will need to be fully fit and motivated in 2005. And it may take their compatriot Safin to challenge Federer on the men's side. 

Chelsea clinch cup in extra-time  (after extra-time - score at 90 mins 1-1)  John Arne Riise volleyed Liverpool ahead after 45 seconds but Steven Gerrard scored a 79th-minute own goal. Blues boss Jose Mourinho was sent off for taunting Liverpool fans after the goal and he watched on television as his side went on to win the game. Drogba and Kezman scored from close range before Antonio Nunez's header made for a tense finale. It was an amazing climax which gave Mourinho his first silverware as Chelsea manager. Yet it was controversial too, after Mourinho's sending off, apparently for putting his finger to his lips to hush the Liverpool fans. There was no hushing them after the extraordinary opening in which the Reds took a stunning lead inside the first minute.  Riise could not have connected any better with Morientes' cross as he smashed a left-foot volley past Petr Cech. The goal, the quickest-ever in a League Cup final, stunned a Blues side whose previously rock-solid confidence had been shaken by consecutive losses to Newcastle and Barcelona in the previous week. The Blues' attacking chances were limited, and Jerzy Dudek was equal to Frank Lampard's powerfully-struck drive and Drogba's low shot. Despite their frustration, Chelsea began to dominate midfield without seriously threatening to break Liverpool's well-organised defence.  Joe Cole had a shot blocked and a promising Damien Duff break was halted by a good tackle from Djimi Traore, but the Reds reached half-time without any major scares. The Blues began the second half with more urgency and pegged Liverpool back. Nevertheless, Liverpool were living dangerously and they needed a fantastic double save from Dudek on 54 minutes, first at full stretch from Gudjohnsen's header, then to smother William Gallas' follow-up. And despite Chelsea's possession, it was Liverpool who fashioned the next clear opportunity as Luis Garcia fed Dietmar Hamann whose shot forced a superb save from Cech. And the Blues' increasingly adventurous approach saw Liverpool earn another chance on the break on 75 minutes as Paulo Ferreira denied Gerrard with a last-ditch tackle. But Gerrard was on the scoresheet minutes later - in the most unfortunate fashion - as he inadvertently deflected Ferrerira's free-kick past his own keeper and in off the post to bring Chelsea level. That prompted Mourinho's reaction which saw him sent off, but Chelsea still pressed and Duff had a chance to win the game with seven minutes remaining. Dudek saved bravely at the Irishman's feet, while Milan Baros shot wildly at the other end to ensure extra time. Drogba almost headed Chelsea in front two minutes into extra-time but the striker saw the ball rebound off the post. But seconds after the half-time interval, Drogba made no mistake, picking the ball up from Glen Johnson's long throw inside the six-yard box and sidefooting home. And Kezman appeared to have made the game safe as he netted from close range after Gudjohnsen's cross in the 110th minute. There was still drama as Nunez beat Cech to a high ball with six minutes remaining to head his side level, but despite Liverpool's desperate attacks, Chelsea clung on to win.  Dudek, Finnan, Carragher, Hyypia, Traore (Biscan 67), Luis Garcia, Gerrard, Hamann, Riise, Kewell (Nunez 56), Morientes (Baros 74).  Subs Not Used: Pellegrino, Carson.  Hyypia, Traore, Hamann, Carragher.  Riise 1, Nunez 113.  Cech, Paulo Ferreira, Ricardo Carvalho, Terry, Gallas (Kezman 74), Jarosik (Gudjohnsen 45), Lampard, Makelele, Cole (Johnson 81), Drogba, Duff.  Subs Not Used: Pidgeley, Tiago.  Lampard, Kezman, Drogba, Duff.  Gerrard 79 og, Drogba 107, Kezman 112.  78,000  S Bennett (Kent). 

Italy 8-38 Wales  Wales secured their first away win in the RBS Six Nations for nearly four years with a six-try victory in Rome.  Tries from Jonathan Thomas, Tom Shanklin and Martyn Williams gave the visitors a 19-5 half-time advantage. Luciano Orquera did reply with one for Italy but second-half efforts from Brent Cockbain, Shane Williams and Robert Sidoli sealed victory. Fly-half Stephen Jones added four conversions as Wales maintained their superb start to this year's tournament. Starting full of confidence after their victory over England, the visitors scored the opening try after just four minutes. Diminutive wing Shane Williams fielded a kick ahead and danced past the onrushing Andrea Masi and Aaron Persico into the Italian half. His pass to Tom Shanklin appeared forward but when the centre was held up short, the ball was switched left and Michael Owen's long cut-out pass gave the lurking Thomas an easy run-in.  Stephen Jones, who retained the kicking duties despite Gavin Henson's heroics against England, slotted an excellent conversion from wide out. Wales twice threatened further scores but failed to find the crucial pass, and Italy hit back out of the blue in the 11th minute.  Henson, sporting gold boots rather than the silver variety that did for England, beat two players with ease out on the left touchline. But his attempted chip ahead was charged down by Orquera, who snaffled the loose ball and hared away from halfway to score in the right corner. With the Welsh line-out stuttering and Italy twice turning the visitors' scrum, the home side's forward power brought them back into it. But a clever high kick from Henson almost brought a try for Hal Luscombe when Roland de Marigny and Ludovico Nitoglia made a hash of claiming it as the ball bounced into touch.  Wales regained control with a second try in the 21st minute, Henson lobbing up a high kick to the left corner where Shanklin jumped higher than Nitoglia to dot down his 15th Test try. Jones was unable to convert and De Marigny then hit the upright with a penalty attempt for Italy. Henson was also narrowly short with a long-range effort at goal, but Wales ended the half with a vital third score to give themselves some breathing space.  Henson sent Luscombe streaking away and when he off-loaded to Martyn Williams, the flanker showed his nous to ground the ball against the padding of the post, Jones adding the conversion. Italy, who lost flanker Mauro Bergamasco with a head knock before half-time, built up a head of steam on the resumption. De Marigny landed a penalty to make it 19-8 and a Nitoglia break through the middle threatened a try only for the move to break down with a knock-on. But Wales put the outcome beyond doubt with two superb tries in four minutes before the hour. Their fourth after 53 minutes was sparked by another mazy run from Shane Williams, who beat several players with ease, and finished with a powerful angled run from lock Cockbain. Before Italy could recover from that blow, a strong surge from Gareth Thomas and great off-loads from Martyn Williams and replacement Kevin Morgan saw Shane Williams scamper over.  With Jones converting both for a 33-8 lead, Wales had the luxury of sending on five more replacements for the final quarter. The icing on the cake came with a sixth try after more superb support work, Shane Williams and Ceri Sweeney combining to send Sidoli over in the left corner. The only downside for Wales was a hamstring injury suffered by Luscombe. But after back-to-back wins at the start of the tournament for the first time in 11 years, they will travel to Paris in a fortnight looking like genuine contenders.  R de Marigny; Mirco Bergamasco, W Pozzebon, A Masi, L Nitoglia; L Orquera, A Troncon; A Lo Cicero, F Ongaro, M Castrogiovanni, S Dellape, M Bortolami (capt), A Persico, Mauro Bergamasco, S Parisse.  G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, D dal Maso, P Griffen, M Barbini, KP Robertson.  G Thomas (capt); H Luscombe, T Shanklin, G Henson, S Williams; S Jones, D Peel; G Jenkins, M Davies, A Jones; B Cockbain, R Sidoli; J Thomas, M Williams, M Owen.  R McBryde, J Yapp, I Gough, R Sowden-Taylor, G Cooper, C Sweeney, K Morgan.  Andrew Cole (Australia). 

Reaction from Spanish press  England's 1-0 defeat to Spain on Wednesday dominated the back and front pages of the country's press on Thursday.  Controversy was in no short supply, with racist abuse of England's black players, Wayne Rooney's petulance and England's inept performance. But what did the Spanish press make of the affair? BBC Sport looks at the reaction.      There is little coverage of the racist chanting on Wednesday night's game. But AS does cover the English reaction to the pre-match comments from Spain coach Luis Aragones, who highlighted Britain's colonial past when probed about his own remarks regarding Thierry Henry in October. Journalist Guillem Balague writes: "In our country, where multi-culturalism is a new thing, we are in nappies dealing with these things, and have a naivety which makes the English nervous."  Marca refers in passing to the booing of England's black players - but only after referring to the cheers of "ole" which greeted the long periods of Spanish possession. Aragones' "no comment" to questions about racism after the match is also highlighted, as Marca focuses on the Spanish coach's praise for his players. Serbia & Montenegro's 2-0 World Cup qualifying win in Belgium - which could make qualification tougher for Spain - seems to be of greater importance.  Elsewhere, the Spanish media criticises its English counterparts for stoking up the racism issue. "Were there racist chants against some players? This hasn't happened in the Spanish league and Spain for many years," said Spanish Federation press officer Fernando Garrido. "So you (English reporters) should ask yourselves what you have done to contribute to all this." And Spanish daily ABC accuses English reporters of launching a witch-hunt against Aragones. "Perhaps it was because their team had played so poorly and they wanted to divert attention towards this muddled issue," the paper says.      "What the boy in the Bernabeu did was odd... Rooney seemed intent to kick any Spanish player who approached him." Yet Rooney is seen only as the worst example of many England miscreants, with Gary Neville criticised for continuing the feud between Manchester United and Arsenal for his tackles on Jose Reyes. Ashley Cole's treatment of Joaquin, and a Frank Lampard foul on Reyes are also lambasted for their "ugliness".  Marca's headline says it all: "Wayne Rooney se volvi&#243; loco en el Bernab&#233;u (Wayne Rooney became crazy in the Bernabeu)" Rooney's display alarms the writer, in particular three "chilling" fouls on Joaquin, Casillas and Marchena, which "could well have left them in the infirmary." And like AS, Marca criticises Gary Neville for "leaving a message on Reyes' ankle" to remind him of the Manchester United-Arsenal clash this month.      Spain's first-half performance is showered with praise, with Xavi singled out as the biggest star. "Xavi did things on Wednesday which were worthy of Maradona," the paper beams, adding, "What a work-rate, what dynamism, what vision, what leadership, what a midfield player!" On a controversial evening, AS offers one seemingly undeniable viewpoint: "Spanish football players played better football than the English."  More plaudits are given to the home team, with Jaime Vargas lauding the manner in which "Spain dominated England with order and quality". The paper adds: "The bad thing about Spain v England was that it lasted only 65 minutes after which a succession of changes prevented any real competition." Vargas does not mention England's two Galacticos, simply adding in a PS: "I have not forgotten to speak of Beckham and Owen. They forgot to play." 

Wales win in Rome  Wales secured their first away win in the RBS Six Nations for nearly four years with a six-try victory in Rome.  Tries from Jonathan Thomas, Tom Shanklin and Martyn Williams gave the visitors a 19-5 half-time advantage. Luciano Orquera did reply with one for Italy but second-half efforts from Brent Cockbain, Shane Williams and Robert Sidoli sealed victory. Fly-half Stephen Jones added four conversions as Wales maintained their superb start to this year's tournament. Starting full of confidence after their victory over England, the visitors scored the opening try after just four minutes. Diminutive wing Shane Williams fielded a kick ahead and danced past the onrushing Andrea Masi and Aaron Persico into the Italian half. His pass to Tom Shanklin appeared forward but when the centre was held up short, the ball was switched left and Michael Owen's long cut-out pass gave the lurking Thomas an easy run-in.  Stephen Jones, who retained the kicking duties despite Gavin Henson's heroics against England, slotted an excellent conversion from wide out. Wales twice threatened further scores but failed to find the crucial pass, and Italy hit back out of the blue in the 11th minute.  Henson, sporting gold boots rather than the silver variety that did for England, beat two players with ease out on the left touchline. But his attempted chip ahead was charged down by Orquera, who snaffled the loose ball and hared away from halfway to score in the right corner. With the Welsh line-out stuttering and Italy twice turning the visitors' scrum, the home side's forward power brought them back into it. But a clever high kick from Henson almost brought a try for Hal Luscombe when Roland de Marigny and Ludovico Nitoglia made a hash of claiming it as the ball bounced into touch.  Wales regained control with a second try in the 21st minute, Henson lobbing up a high kick to the left corner where Shanklin jumped higher than Nitoglia to dot down his 15th Test try. Jones was unable to convert and De Marigny then hit the upright with a penalty attempt for Italy. Henson was also narrowly short with a long-range effort at goal, but Wales ended the half with a vital third score to give themselves some breathing space.  Henson sent Luscombe streaking away and when he off-loaded to Martyn Williams, the flanker showed his nous to ground the ball against the padding of the post, Jones adding the conversion. Italy, who lost flanker Mauro Bergamasco with a head knock before half-time, built up a head of steam on the resumption. De Marigny landed a penalty to make it 19-8 and a Nitoglia break through the middle threatened a try only for the move to break down with a knock-on. But Wales put the outcome beyond doubt with two superb tries in four minutes before the hour. Their fourth after 53 minutes was sparked by another mazy run from Shane Williams, who beat several players with ease, and finished with a powerful angled run from lock Cockbain. Before Italy could recover from that blow, a strong surge from Gareth Thomas and great off-loads from Martyn Williams and replacement Kevin Morgan saw Shane Williams scamper over.  With Jones converting both for a 33-8 lead, Wales had the luxury of sending on five more replacements for the final quarter. The icing on the cake came with a sixth try after more superb support work, Shane Williams and Ceri Sweeney combining to send Sidoli over in the left corner. The only downside for Wales was a hamstring injury suffered by Luscombe. But after back-to-back wins at the start of the tournament for the first time in 11 years, they will travel to Paris in a fortnight looking like genuine contenders.  R de Marigny; Mirco Bergamasco, W Pozzebon, A Masi, L Nitoglia; L Orquera, A Troncon; A Lo Cicero, F Ongaro, M Castrogiovanni, S Dellape, M Bortolami (capt), A Persico, Mauro Bergamasco, S Parisse.  G Intoppa, S Perugini, CA del Fava, D dal Maso, P Griffen, M Barbini, KP Robertson.  G Thomas (capt); H Luscombe, T Shanklin, G Henson, S Williams; S Jones, D Peel; G Jenkins, M Davies, A Jones; B Cockbain, R Sidoli; J Thomas, M Williams, M Owen.  R McBryde, J Yapp, I Gough, R Sowden-Taylor, G Cooper, C Sweeney, K Morgan.  Andrew Cole (Australia). 

Charlton 1-2 Liverpool  Fernando Morientes grabbed his first Premiership goal as Liverpool earned all three points at Charlton with a vintage second-half display.  Inspired by former Anfield ace Danny Murphy, the hosts took a deserved first-half lead, Murphy swinging in a corner for Shaun Bartlett to head home. But Liverpool, who had struck the bar twice, hit back when Spaniard Morientes rifled in from 20 yards out. John Arne Riise slotted the winner after a neat pass from Luis Garcia. The teams started with virtually identical league records and there was little to separate them on the pitch early on. Liverpool where unlucky not to score when a Garcia shot was spilled by Dean Kiely into the path Steven Gerrard, whose shot bounced back off the crossbar. But then the hosts went in front, Murphy's 20th-minute corner headed home powerfully by Bartlett.  Gerrard forced a sharp save from Kiely shortly afterwards as Liverpool looked to redress the balance. And the visiting captain almost set up an equaliser when he cut a clever cross back to Morientes, who saw his shot saved from two yards out. The visitors continued to press forward on the restart. And Riise came within inches of the breakthrough when he latched onto a superb ball from Garcia and hit a rasping drive, which Kiely tipped on to the Charlton bar. Morientes finally found the back of the net when he buried a left-foot shot into the top corner after Charlton had failed to clear. Djimi Traore had to time his challenge well to deny Murphy an instant reply. But Liverpool were in the ascendancy now, with Morientes causing plenty of problems. The Spaniard went close himself, before releasing Riise, who cooly finished with a trademark low drive. Morientes departed to great ovation from the visiting fans, as Charlton's biggest home attendance for 10 years tasted disappointment.  - Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez: "We played a very good game with a high tempo and lots of confidence. "We have seen the mentality of the players, the team spirit and the quality we have. "I think we had two or three clear chances in the first half but conceded the goal. In the second half we controlled the game."   - Charlton boss Alan Curbishley: "In the first half it was quite even but the second half they totally dominated and looked such a strong side. "We played on Saturday while they&#191;ve had a week's rest but you have got to get on with it. "I'm really disappointed because if we'd held out for a draw it would have been a great bonus for us." Charlton: Kiely, Young, Fortune, El Karkouri, Hreidarsson, Thomas (Kishishev 59), Murphy, Holland (Jeffers 77), Hughes (Euell 66), Konchesky, Bartlett. Subs Not Used: Andersen, Johansson. Goals: Bartlett 20. Liverpool: Dudek, Finnan, Carragher, Hyypia, Traore, Luis Garcia (Potter 90), Biscan, Gerrard, Riise (Warnock 90), Baros, Morientes (Smicer 88). Subs Not Used: Pellegrino, Carson. Goals: Morientes 61, Riise 79. Att: 27,102. Ref: N Barry (N Lincolnshire). 

Linesman defends disallowed goal  Linesman Rob Lewis has defended his role in Tottenham's disallowed goal against Manchester United.  Pedro Mendes' shot clearly crossed the line and Lewis has been criticised for his positioning in the incident. Lewis said: "The Spurs player shot from distance and I was doing my primary job which was to stand in line with the last defender and watch for an offside. "There was nothing I could have done differently apart from run faster than Linford Christie." He added: "When the ball landed I was still 25 yards from goal and it was impossible to judge if it had crossed the line." Tottenham boss Martin Jol criticised the decision, which cost his side three points. "The referee is already wearing an earpiece so why can't we just stop the game and get the decision right," said Jol after the 0-0 draw. "But at the end of the day it's so obvious that Pedro's shot was over the line it's incredible. "We feel robbed but it's difficult for the linesman and referee to see it." Mendes shot from 50 yards and United goalkeeper Roy Carroll spilled the ball into his own net before hooking it clear. Jol added: "We are not talking about the ball being a couple of centimetres or an inch or two over the line, it was a metre inside the goal. "What really annoys me is that we are here in 2005, watching something on a TV monitor within two seconds of the incident occurring and the referee isn't told about it. "We didn't play particularly well but I am pleased - even now - with a point, although we should have had three." Mendes could not believe the 'goal' was not given after seeing a replay.  He said: "My reaction on the pitch was to celebrate. "It was a very nice goal, it was clearly over the line - I've never seen one so over the line and not given in my career. "It's really, really over. What can you do but laugh about it? It's a nice goal and one to keep in my memory even though it didn't count. "It's not every game you score from the halfway line." Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson sympathised with Tottenham and said the incident highlighted the need for video technology. "I think it hammers home what a lot of people have been asking for and that's that technology should play a part in the game," Ferguson told MUTV. "What I was against originally was the time factor in video replays. "But I read an article the other day which suggested that if a referee can't make up his mind after 30 seconds of watching a video replay then the game should carry on. "Thirty seconds is about the same amount of time it takes to organise a free-kick or take a corner or a goal-kick. So you wouldn't be wasting a lot of time.  "I think you could start off by using it for goal-line decisions. I think that would be an opening into a new area of football." Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger also used the incident to highlight the need for video technology. "When the whole world apart from the referee has seen there should be a goal at Old Trafford, that just reinforces what I feel - there should be video evidence," said Wenger. "It's a great example of where the referee could have asked to see a replay and would have seen in five seconds that it was a goal." 

Chelsea hold Arsenal  A gripping game between Arsenal and Chelsea ended with the honours finishing even at Highbury.  Thierry Henry produced a sublime strike to put Arsenal ahead but John Terry levelled with a powerful header. Henry's quickly-taken free-kick put Arsenal back in front but Eidur Gudjohnsen equalised with a header from William Gallas' knockback. Henry missed a golden chance when he blazed a shot high late on and Arsenal also had a penalty appeal rejected. Henry's opener had given Arsenal the perfect start and set up an enthralling affair. The French striker headed a long Cesc Faregas ball back to Jose Antonio Reyes from the edge of the Chelsea area and immediately saw it headed back into his path from the Spaniard. And, with his back to goal, Henry finished with aplomb when he took one touch, turned and struck an angled strike past the despairing dive of keeper Petr Cech. Henry epitomised a determination about the Arsenal side but Chelsea appeared unruffled and equalised after 16 minutes.  Gunners keeper Manuel Almunia, who got the nod ahead of Jens Lehmann, did well to save a well-struck Frank Lampard shot. But he could not keep out Terry's powered header from the resultant corner as Arsenal's weakness at set-pieces was again exposed. Almost immediately, Henry went close and Chelsea gathered the loose ball before going straight up the other end where Gudjohnsen fluffed an effort. Gudjohnsen did not make the same error minutes later when he struck a sweet shot only for Almunia to be equal to the task and save. The homes side regained the lead in controversial fashion when Robert Pires won a dubious free-kick. And, given the option to take the 25-yard set-piece quickly, Henry curled in a shot with Cech still organising his wall.  This time Arsenal did not allow Chelsea to level so soon as they went into the break ahead. Chelsea brought striker Didier Drogba on to partner Gudjohnsen up front after the interval and the move reaped immediate reward. Lampard swung in a cross which Gallas knocked back across goal and a deft header from Gudjohnsen levelled matters again. Chelsea's main threat was coming from crosses and Lampard missed a great opportunity as he headed wide when left unmarked at the far post. The second half failed to live up to the thrilling pace of the opening period but there were flashes of brilliance. One of them came from the enigmatic Robben when he jinked his way through two Arsenal defenders only to see his poked shot saved by Almunia.  Arsenal ended the match the stronger and worked a excellent chance for Henry who put a left-foot shot high from eight yards. Subtitute Robin van Persie could also have nicked a win for the Highbury outfit but frustratingly sidefooted just wide. Matthieu Flamini had a late penal appeal waved away before the final whistle which maintained Chelsea five-point Premiership lead over Arsenal.  Almunia, Lauren, Toure, Campbell, Cole, Pires, Flamini, Fabregas, Reyes (Clichy 82), Bergkamp (Van Persie 82), Henry. Subs Not Used: Senderos, Hoyte, Lehmann.  Cole.  Henry 2, 29.  Cech, Paulo Ferreira, Ricardo Carvalho (Drogba 45), Terry, Gallas, Duff, Tiago (Bridge 45), Makelele, Lampard, Robben, Gudjohnsen (Parker 77). Subs Not Used: Kezman, Cudicini.  Robben, Drogba, Lampard.  Terry 17, Gudjohnsen 46.  38,153  G Poll (Hertfordshire). 

Bates seals takeover  Ken Bates has completed his takeover of Leeds United.  The 73-year-old former Chelsea chairman sealed the deal at 0227 GMT on Friday, and has bought a 50% stake in the club. He said: "I'm delighted to be stepping up to the mantel at such a fantastic club. I recognise Leeds as a great club that has fallen on hard times. "We have a lot of hard work ahead to get the club back where it belongs in the Premiership, and with the help of our fans we will do everything we can." Bates bought his stake under the guise of a Geneva-based company known as The Forward Sports Fund. He revealed that part of his plan is to buy back Leeds' Elland Road stadium and Thorp Arch training ground in due course.  "It's going to be a tough jon and the first task is to stabilise the cash flow and sort out the remaining creditors," Bates added. "But there is light at the end of a very long tunnel. For the past year it has been a matter of firefighting - now we can start running the club again." Outgoing Leeds chairman Gerald Krasner said: "This deal ensures the medium to long term survival of the club and I believe Mr Bates' proposals are totally for the benefit of the club. "We are content that under Mr Bates, Leeds United will continue to consolidate and move forward. "When we took over Leeds United in March 2004, the club had a debt of £103m, since that date, my board has succeeded in reducing the debt to under £25m. "We worked tirelessly to solve all of the problems at Leeds United. "Eighty percent of the problems have already been overcome and we came to this agreement with Mr Bates to secure its ongoing success." Krasner revealed that his consortium has been asked to remain in the background at the club for an undisclosed period to help ensure a smooth hand-over. He will stay on in an unpaid capacity while Peter Lorimer will continue in his role as director and point of contact for the fans and Peter McCormick will serve as a consultant to the incoming board. The other outgoing directors have agreed to leave their loans of £4.5m in the company for the next four years. On Leeds' new-look board it is understood that Lorimer will be joined by former Chelsea finance director Yvonne Todd and Bates' lawyer Mark Taylor.  Krasner refused to give any details of the finances involved in the takeover. He told BBC Five Live: "I am not going into the figures. If Ken wants to give them up that is up to him. I can not tell you what the money will be used for. "This dea l is not about money for the current board. In the last four months I never saw any cheques until this week from one person. I am not stretching figures, we don't discuss internal arrangements." Bates stepped down as Chelsea chairman in March last year following Roman Abramovich's £140m takeover at Stamford Bridge. In May, he made a proposal to invest £10m in Sheffield Wednesday, but this was rejected by the club. Sebastien Sainsbury had been close to a takeover of Leeds but withdrew his £25m offer last week.  His efforts failed after he revealed it would take £40m to stage a takeover, and that the club will also lose £10m over the next six months. The club was on the brink of administration - and the deduction of 10 points by the Football League - before Bates' arrival but his investment has spared them that prospect. 

Owen dismisses fresh Real rumours  England striker Michael Owen helped inspire Real Madrid to a 2-1 win at Osasuna in La Liga on Sunday before insisting he is happy at the club.  The ex-Liverpool player started on the bench, an on-going situation that has led to rumours of a Premiership return. Owen has admitted he is frustrated at his lack of first-team chances but is determined to succeed in Spain. "I'm always going to say I want to play more minutes but that doesn't mean I'm unhappy being a substitute," he said. "It wasn't a great goal, but neither was the game, grounds like this are always difficult," Owen added. "I'm happy with my goal because it was a vital goal for the win and even more so after what Barcelona did (beating Real Zaragoza 4-1 on Saturday).  "This could be a decisive result at the end of the season. "Even when we were losing, I was confident we could win and now we all have very positive feelings." Roberto Carlos' free-kick was parried and when Raul's shot was kept out Owen was in the right place to head home. Ivan Helguera scored the winner for Real, who have won seven games in a row under new coach Vanderlei Luxemburgo. The victory kept them within four points of leaders Barcelona. Owen had earlier hinted in the News of the World newspaper that he may leave Real Madrid to safeguard his international career. He has failed to command a regular place in the Real team and said he is concerned that his increasing amount of time on the bench may affect his England place.  "Sometimes I feel I am happy then the next week I might be on the bench and I am a bit low in myself again," he told The News of The World. "It is frustrating and isn't the best way to prepare for the next World Cup." Owen has had to prove himself to three managers in his short time at Real. Jose Antonio Camacho was replaced by Mariano Garcia Remon, who has now made way for Luxemburgo. "The first manager came along and I never started that much. But the more he was here the more I played," the striker said. "Then the second manager came and he went back to the normal 11 that everyone associated with. "But I had eight or nine games on the spin and scored seven goals on the bounce. I was doing all right and then he left and now I am back to where I was again. "It has not been ideal but it looks as if this manager is here to stay so I will keep plugging away."  Owen has discussed his concerns with England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson and admitted: "This last month hasn't been perfect. I am not missing out on goalscoring but I am missing out on minutes on the pitch." Luxemburgo told the Sunday Times that he sympathised with Owen. "He is bound to get angry and feel sad but I can say Owen will play more," he commented. "Raul and Ronaldo are not always going to start every game. "I like Owen a lot in training, he is always willing, ready to listen to things. He is a bit introverted but he has got character." Meanwhile, Luxemburgo has booked himself a place in the Real history books after the victory over Osasuna. He is the first coach to have won his first seven league games in charge of the club. 

McIlroy wins 800m indoor title  James McIlroy motored to the AAA's Indoor 800m title in Sheffied on Sunday in a time of one minute, 47.97 seconds.  The Larne athlete dominated the race from start to finish although he had to hold off a late challenge from Welshman Jimmy Watkins in the final 100 metres. "I had to go out and go through all the gears before the Europeans and I won't run again until then," said McIlroy. ''I though if I got lucky I'd get close to the British record but I blew up in the end.'' McIlroy has been in superb form at the start of the season and will now start his build-up for the European Indoors at Madrid on 4-6 March. Meanwhile, Paul Brizzel and Anna Boyle reached the semi-finals of the 60m hurdles with Boyle setting a season's best of 7.48. In the women's 60m final, Ailis McSweeney broke Michelle Carroll's long-standing Irish record by clocking 7.37 which left her in third place. David Gillick showed that he is a genuine medal contender in the European Indoor Championships by claiming an impressive 400m victory. Gillick was more than half-a-second clear when taking gold in 46.45 - .02 outside his personal best set in Saturday's semi-finals.  The Irishman is now the fastest European this season. Derval O'Rourke broke her own Irish 60m hurdles record by clocking 8.06 which left her third behind new British record holder Sarah Claxton (7.96). James Nolan (3:46.04) took second in the men's 1500m behind Neil Speaight (3:45.86) but the Offaly man was outside the European Indoor standard. Colin Costello was seventh in the 1500m final in 3:48.82). Deirdre Ryan was second in the women's high jump with a clearance of 1.87m while Aoife Byrne took silver in the 800m in a personal best of 2:06.73. Lisburn's Kelly McNeice Reid (4:31.34) was seventh in the women's 1500m while Gary Murray (8:11.22) was 11th in the men's 3000m. Meanwhile, Stephen Cairns and Jill Shannon claimed the individual titles at Saturday's Northern Ireland Cross Country Championship in Coleraine. Cairns came in ahead of Paul Rowan and Allan Bogle in the men's race. Willowfield claimed their first men's team title in 72 years while Shannon helped Lagan Valley win the women's team honours. 

Campbell rescues Arsenal  Sol Campbell proved to be an unlikely match-winner to earn Arsenal a hard-fought win at Portsmouth.  The England defender lashed home a 25-yard shot for his first goal in 16 months to take Arsenal back into second spot, five points behind Chelsea. But before Campbell scored the best two chances of the game fell to Pompey striker Ricardo Fuller. In the first half he blasted wide when clear, and his control let him down in the second half when well placed. Portsmouth got plenty of bodies behind the ball to deny Arsenal space in the early stages. But their marking was slack at a corner and Patrick Vieira should have done better when the ball fell to him 16 yards out. A mistake by Arjan de Zeeuw let Thierry Henry in behind the Pompey defence on 17 minutes but as he bore down on goal Linvoy Primus got in a saving tackle. With just Fuller as an out-and-out striker, Portsmouth's shape made life difficult for Arsenal. But a delightful touch by Robin van Persie gave Henry a sight of goal, although the angle was too tight for his shot to trouble Jamie Ashdown.  Ashdown caused hearts to flutter on 28 minutes when he missed his punch at a corner and Kolo Toure headed just wide and, as Arsenal began to press, Van Persie blasted over a good opportunity after Henry had set him up. Henry took a quick return pass from Vieira but Ashdown was out quickly to block, and there were some anxious seconds for Pompey as the ball ran loose before Matthew Taylor cleared. After playing second fiddle, Portsmouth should have taken the lead on 34 minutes. Referee Howard Webb played a good advantage to allow Steve Stone to send Gary O'Neil away but, having shrugged off Toure, the Pompey midfielder planted his shot wide from 10 yards. As half-time approached, Henry teased a shot through a ruck of players and inches wide. At the other end, Fuller broke clear but failed to hit the target as Toure closed him down.  Fuller was given the best chance of the match so far on 48 minutes when Patrik Berger's break and slipped pass played him clear. But a poor first touch lost him the opportunity and even when he checked back and went down under Vieira's challenge, referee Webb was not interested. Fuller paid the price when he gave way on 55 minutes to Aiyegbeni Yakubu, who returned after six weeks out with a knee injury. But it needed alert reflexes and safe handling from Ashdown to cling on to Van Persie's shot as Henry sniffed for scraps.  Portsmouth were growing in confidence and keeper Manuel Almunia had to stand his ground to beat away a powerful shot from Berger. Arsenal were struggling to find their rhythm but took the lead through the unlikely source of Campbell. The England defender needed little invitation as Pompey backed off to stride forward and lash a ferocious shot past Ashdown. Arsenal might have stretched their lead two minutes later when Mathieu Flamini escaped his marker to flash a header wide from Henry's free-kick. Almunia went full length to grab Berger's long-range shot, while Ashdown palmed away substitute Dennis Bergkamp's shot.  Ashdown, Griffin, De Zeeuw, Primus, Taylor, Stone, O'Neil, Faye (Berkovic 83), Berger, LuaLua, Fuller (Yakubu 55).  Subs not used: Hislop, Quashie, Cisse.  Almunia, Lauren, Toure, Campbell, Cole, Pires, Flamini, Vieira, Clichy, Van Persie (Bergkamp 68), Henry.  Subs not used: Lehmann, Fabregas, Senderos, Hoyte.  Cole.  Campbell 75.  20,170.  H Webb (S Yorkshire). 

O'Sullivan keeps his powder dry  When you are gunning for glory and ultimate success keeping the gunpowder dry is essential.  Ireland coach Eddie O'Sullivan appears to have done that quite successfully in the run-up to this season's Six Nations Championship. He decreed after the 2003 World Cup that players should have a decent conditioning period during the year. That became a reality at the end of last summer with a 10-week period at the start of the this season. It may have annoyed his Scottish, and in particularly Welsh, cousins who huffed and puffed at the disrespect apparently shown to the Celtic League. We will say nothing of Mike Ruddock ''poaching'' eight of the Dragons side that faced Leinster on Sunday. But, like O'Sullivan, he was well within his rights, particularly when you are talking about the national side and pride that goes along with it. The IRFU has thrown their weight behind O'Sullivan, who must be glad that in the main, there is centrally-controlled contracts. Bar Keith Gleeson who is just returning from a broken leg, everyone of O'Sullivan's squad is fit, fresh and standing at the oche ready to launch this season's campaign.  But I doubt whether O'Sullivan is going to gloat about the handling of his players. He is not that sort of person. However, he may look at the overworked and injury-hit England, Wales and France squads whose players have been overworked, and then pat himself on the back for his foresight. But there is still the question of turning up and transferring that freshness into positive results when the referee signals the start of the game. Already Ireland are being earmarked as hot favourites in many quarters to go the whole hog this season. A first Grand Slam since Karl Mullen's led the team to a clean sweep in 1948. With England and France visiting Lansdowne Road for the last time before the old darling is pulled down, everything looks perfectly placed. But in the days of yore that frightened the life out of any Irishman.  Under the burden of great expectations, Ireland have crumpled. Take the Triple Crown-winning side of 1985 under Mick Doyle. They were expected to up the ante further for a Grand Slam, only the second in Ireland's history. What happened in 1986? Whitewashed. You see, Ireland, in any sport, love to be downsized. Then they can go out and prove a point to the contrary. It is the nature of the beast. But O'Sullivan's side are very capable of proving a salient point this season. After their first Triple Crown for 19 years, they can live up to their success and take a further step up the ladder. O'Sullivan has kept faith and displayed loyalty to his players, and they have repaid him in spades ... and there is more to come. He has some old dogs in his squad, but he will come to this season's championship with a different box of tricks, and a new verve to succeed. Ireland can indeed succeed, but just whisper it. 

Tapping-up row is so much hot air  The big talking point of the week is the issue of making illegal approaches or 'tapping up' a player.  As usual, the issue is probably blown out of proportion, but I don't think anyone in football will deny there is a problem with the rules as they apply to recruiting players. I read somewhere at the weekend that they did a straw poll and questioned every player at a particular club as to how he got there. Just about every one said the first approach was through their agent, or a third party or somebody involved with the club.  On that basis, under the rules as they stand, they all got there illegally. That's the name of the game these days, I'm afraid. Not that I have ever tapped a player up - I wouldn't dream of it! I know there is a school of thought that says the rules that apply in football just wouldn't be tolerated in the outside business world. In business, if you want to change jobs, you can simply go and have a chat with another prospective employer. But in football you're not allowed to do that. Football does have strange anomalies. For example, the game has a disciplinary procedure where there is no evidence but you can still find yourself in trouble. It's the sort of thing that wouldn't happen in a court of law.  Compared to the outside world, football does have some very restrictive practices, and a lot of them have to be looked at, but if you want to be part of it, you have to adhere to the rules. You try and do things the right way, but it's like buying a house. If you do things properly and play by the rules you'll find yourself gazumped. But I don't think the tapping situation is as bad as people say, a lot of it is hot air. By its very nature, the only people who would be approached are the top players who are in demand anyway. I don't think you would find too many approaches being made to bad players. The Championship is building up to an exciting climax, and in beating us 2-0 last week, Ipswich gave signs of what a good team they are. I think a place in the top two is beyond our reach, but any one of 11 teams could make the play-offs and there are still 15 games to go.  Of course the play-offs are exciting for fans, but they're not great for the heart-rates of managers. I think I've been involved in five play-off finals now and they should really come with a government health warning. Ideally, you wouldn't want to be involved in the play-offs, and the way to do that is to finish in the top two, but I think that is beyond us now. We've got a decent run-in, we're still trying to strengthen the squad and by the time the next league game comes round I would hope we've got somebody in.  But that brings me on to another matter, and the fact that the next game is more than a week away because of international matches. You're always concerned about your players getting injured and some clubs withdraw their players more than others. I always try and let our players go out for international games - it keeps them happy. But the other thorny issue with internationals is that of wages. I think that while players are on international duty, their wages should be paid by their countries. Sometimes, they can be away for a week or more, but the clubs still have to find their wages, even though the player is denied to them for that period of time. Of course, if a player is injured while on international duty, it's the clubs who have to pay his wages while he's out of action and recovering. I think the associations of the country involved should bear some share of the responsibility. 

Henson stakes early Lions claim  The Six Nations may be a glittering prize in itself but every player from the four Home Unions will also have one eye on a possible trip to New Zealand with the Lions this summer.  The player who staked the biggest claim for a place in the starting XV over the weekend was Gavin Henson. He's very confident. You just had to listen to his interview afterwards - he beamed with confidence - but although there's an element of arrogance it's good arrogance. He certainly showed some nice touches. He once showed a clean pair of heels to Mathew Tait when he got outside him, his defence was very good and he made some great kicks out of hand. And that's without even mentioning his majestic match-winning penalty. But I think we need to wait and see what happens because he needs to be put to the test. He needs to come up against Brian O'Driscoll or a big French midfield. Wales fly-half Stephen Jones was another player who impressed me. He gave good direction, he was very confident and he was a nice general for his side. He showed he can control a game. With Jonny Wilkinson not playing at the moment due to inury the number 10 shirt could be up for grabs and Jones, or maybe even Henson, could make the Lions team at fly-half.  Jones stuck his hand up and he certainly looks a better bet than Charlie Hodgson after Saturday's game. Some of the Wales forwards surprised me because I thought they would be out-muscled in the tight five. England prop Julian White is a capable player but when it comes down to selection Gethin Jenkins is now going to have the upper hand because he came out on top. However, I still think White and Phil Vickery will be in the frame. Some English players did their cause no harm. I thought Joe Worsley had a solid game and Jason Robinson and Josh Lewsey both did nothing wrong. But it looked too soon for young Mathew Tait and I think it will be a while before we see him again. Despite being written off beforehand several Scots caught my eye against France.  Tom Smith has been there and done it before, but the likes of Chris Cusiter, Jason White and Ally Hogg all made their mark. Hogg made a couple of good runs while White had a pretty robust game - his defence is right up there. Cusiter looked very lively and he could be a very good option for Lions coach Sir Clive Woodward. The star of Ireland's win over Italy in Rome looks like a certainty to make the starting XV against New Zealand. Brian O'Driscoll is a class act. He ran some good lines against Italy, made the breaks and fed his outside backs, although Italy defended man on man which made it easy for him. Gordon D'Arcy was unlucky to go off injured early on but I think you could get a Henson, D'Arcy, O'Driscoll combination in the Lions midfield. Paul O'Connell just needs to add a hard edge to his game and Malcolm O'Kelly keeps on going and seems to be putting his hand up, while Shane Byrne seems to be a lively character. But they will be a bit worried after the Italian pack drove them off their own ball on Sunday, although I used to play in Italy and I know how difficult it can be. One player who didn't impress me was Wales scrum-half Dwayne Peel. He choked late on in the second half when Wales were trailing. They had good possession and he kicked the ball away - I wouldn't want him as my Lions scrum-half after that. 

Owen may have to return home  Michael Owen has delivered the first hint that he may consider his future away from Real Madrid if he fails to get regular first-team football - and no-one can blame him.  Owen displayed his world-class ability once again with another goal after coming on as a substitute in Real's win at Osasuna on Sunday. And therein lies his problem. Michael may have made a rod for his own back with his fantastic performances coming on as substitute. His many coaches at Real Madrid may have decided this is his best role. If that is the case, that is no good to him and he will be coming home sooner rather than later. Michael must hope his performances earn him a regular starting opportunity - and you can rest assured he will take that chance when it comes. I said when he was on the bench earlier this season that Michael's pride would ensure he stuck it out. He would not want to be branded a failure. But he is still on the bench and we are into February - and he could leave now and no-one could call him a flop after the terrific performances he has turned in. If and when he decides to leave, I don't think he will go elsewhere in Europe. I think he will come back to the Premiership. And there would be no shortage of takers. In an ideal world I would obviously love to see him return to Liverpool but you can rest assured that Arsenal and Chelsea would consider what Michael Owen could offer them as well. Owen is a great goalscorer but he is also a very good footballer as well. But one thing that is vital to Michael's game is sharpness - and he will know himself that you miss a vital ingredient when you are not starting games. Also Michael is a fine professional who did not sign for Real Madrid to sit on the sidelines - no matter how many Galacticos are around him. I would expect some serious interest should he fail to win a regular place.  - Chelsea have given the lie to claims that they are enjoying good fortune in their quest for the title - but they will do well just to have a look in their rear-view mirror at Manchester United.  Sir Alex Ferguson played the mind games by suggesting Chelsea would struggle in the north - but they've answered that one. They beat Blackburn, who didn't half put a foot in against them, and then came through a real tough one at Everton, albeit aided by James Beattie's sending off. Chelsea have done brilliantly and you do not keep clean sheets like they do by luck alone. But all Manchester United can do is keep up the pressure - and boy are they doing that. No team has ever been better at chasing down the leaders than Manchester United. Ferguson's team will stay totally committed to the cause. It is still very much Chelsea's to lose and they have shown they can battle as well as play exhilarating football, so the odds must be on them. But the old Liverpool saying was that you have never won the title until the medal is in your hand - and United will still have their sights set on snatching them away from Chelsea. The big talking point of the weekend was Beattie's sending off for Everton against Chelsea. I've got to confess, I've never seen anything like that. I can't defend the lad or condone it but you can almost see how it has happened. He has come out fired up but it's all gone wrong. It was right in front of the referee and it's the most straightforward red you'll ever see. It gave Chelsea a crucial advantage - and it was one they took advantage of in a very professional manner. 

Gerrard future not decided by Cardiff loss  Steven Gerrard's own goal in Liverpool's Carling Cup defeat against Chelsea sparked yet another round of speculation about his Anfield future.  There was no denying the irony of Gerrard's mishap, coming as it did in a cup final against the club that almost paid £30m for him last summer. And that irony was not missed by the media - or indeed Chelsea's supporters. But to suggest the incident, and the defeat, will shape whether he stays or goes from Liverpool, is wrong. It was just one of those things that could have happened anywhere at any time, in any place and in any game. It wasn't even a mistake, although you could say the mistake was in three Liverpool defenders going for the same ball. But to pull together a sub-plot or conspiracy theory that the own goal, combined with Liverpool's defeat, has finally put Gerrard on the road to Stamford Bridge is nonsense. It was inevitable that because it came against Chelsea, there would be speculation, but I believe Gerrard will be concentrating on one thing and one thing alone. And that is ensuring Liverpool qualify for the Champions League by getting that fourth place in the Premiership. I don't think any decision has been made, and will certainly not be influenced by anything that happened in Cardiff on Sunday. Liverpool must hope they clinch fourth place and that is enough to persuade their massively influential captain to stay.  From Liverpool's point of view, the defeat was a bitter disappointment, but when the disappointment has subsided, they can take heart from a week of encouragement both at home and abroad. Liverpool had an excellent win against Bayer Leverkusen in the Champions League, when they got it down, played and scored goals. And in Sunday's Carling Cup final, they showed real defensive resilience when they were pinned back for long periods. I think Rafael Benitez is on the right lines and speaks with a lot of confidence about his team and what he wants from them. But there is no doubt Liverpool's next two games will shape their season, at Newcastle away in the league and then Bayer away in the Champions League second leg. What they cannot afford to do is produce any performances like they produced at Burnley, Southampton or Birmingham. If they slip up at Newcastle then Everton beat Blackburn 24 hours later, that will be an 11-point gap and that's an awful long way back for them in the race for the Champions League place. There is added spice because Everton are fourth. They had an impressive win at Aston Villa, and you cannot take away from them what they have done.  They've had an uncertain spell recently, but they've picked up points here and there and that is a great tribute to manager David Moyes and his players. And in Tim Cahill, they've paid £2m for a player from outside the Premiership who has proved himself in the top-flight. Liverpool will still be a massive magnet for top players, but they may also need to seek out the type of signings that Moyes has pulled off with Cahill. He has been excellent since arriving from Millwall and has been a very sound purchase by Moyes. While the battle for fourth hots up, Manchester United turned the screw a little tighter on leaders Chelsea by beating Portsmouth and reducing the gap to six points - albeit with a game in hand for Jose Mourinho's side. The Carling Cup win against Liverpool was massive for Chelsea, because it stopped all the inevitable questions that would have been posed if they had lost three games in a week. I don't think they answered all the questions, because for all their long periods of possession they were struggling to score until Gerrard's unfortunate intervention. Obviously a lot of focus has been centred on Mourinho for events on and off the pitch, but I think he will be more than happy with that because it means the heat is taken off his players. If people are asking questions about the manager, they are leaving the players in peace, so Mourinho will settle for that. And while United are showing once again there is no-one better when it comes to the chase, I don't think there is any shift in the balance of power in the Premiership. It is all Chelsea's to lose, with a six-point lead and a game in hand. Throw in that their next four league games are against the bottom four sides in the table, and you can see they are in a strong position. They must keep their eye on the ball because Manchester United are masters of this situation - but the balance of power still lies with Chelsea. 

England claim historic series win  Fifth Test, Centurion, day five: South Africa 247 & 296-6d drew with England 359 & 73-4  England win five-match series 2-1  Centuries from Jacques Kallis and AB de Villiers allowed South Africa to declare on 296-6, setting England a target of 185 to win from 44 overs. The tourists chose not to chase the runs, however, finishing on 73-4. There were plenty of nervous moments when they lost early wickets but captain Michael Vaughan held firm to secure a 2-1 series triumph. Though the usually brilliant Andrew Strauss scored a duck, only Denis Compton had ever scored more runs in a series against South Africa and he won the man-of-the-series award for his three centuries. Kallis and man-of-the-match de Villiers were in occupation of the crease when the day started, with South Africa still trailing by 53 runs. By the time they had been parted, they had added 227 for the third wicket. The scoring rate was never sensational, however, as Vaughan declined to set over-attacking fields and the batsman refused to take undue risks.  It took more than an hour for the lead to be wiped off, as De Villiers hit arguably the shot of the day - a pull off Matthew Hoggard that went all the way for six. The remaining hour-and-a-half of an extended morning session saw a further 100 runs added. The two right-handers were quick to pull and drive when the opportunities presented themselves. Kallis was twice lucky to survive. At one point he edged Hoggard inches short of Marcus Trescothick at slip and then, on 76, looked lucky to survive an lbw appeal against Simon Jones. De Villiers reached his half-century with a square drive off Ashley Giles for four, and he continued to play the spinner with great certainty. In the afternoon session, it was widely assumed South Africa would throw the bat at almost everything. First, however, both batsmen needed to reach their centuries.  Kallis got there first, cutting Jones for four - it was his fifth Test ton against England and 20th in all. The 20-year-old de Villiers became the third youngest South African to hit a Test century with a boundary in the same area off the same bowler. But he then perished when holing out to third man off Jones. He had made 109 off 169 balls. Oddly, Kallis took stock for a while before launching a few more boundaries shortly before the declaration, finally finishing unbeaten on 136. In the hunt for quick runs, Graeme Smith, Jacques Rudolph and Mark Boucher all perished for single figure scores. A grateful Steve Harmison took his first two wickets since Cape Town and Hoggard added a single victim to finish with 26 in the series. Set 185 from 44 overs, England were never in position to go for the target once Strauss had been caught behind in Ntini's first over.  Things looked dicey when Robert Key provided just 40 minutes of uncertain resistance before edging Pollock to Boucher. And there were certainly a few skipped heartbeats in the England dressing-room when Trescothick inexplicably missed a straight ball from Ntini to be bowled. That left 29 overs remaining for South Africa to try to find the last seven wickets. Vaughan and Graham Thorpe, however, proved adept at blunting some impressive spells from all the bowlers until Ntini returned to have Thorpe caught by Herschelle Gibbs who was close in at third slip. England had just about done enough by then and the game ended in bad light two-and-half overs early with Vaughan 26 not out and Andrew Flintoff unbeaten on 14. It was England's first series win in South Africa since MJK Smith led them to a 1-0 win in 1964-65. And it earned them the Basil D'Oliveira Trophy, named after the player who the South African apartheid regime refused to allow to tour their country with England in 1968, ultimately resulting in their exclusion from international sport.  Graeme Smith (capt.), Herschelle Gibbs, Jacques Rudolph, Jacques Kallis, AB de Villiers, Mark Boucher (wkt), Andrew Hall, Nicky Boje, Shaun Pollock, Makhaya Ntini, Andre Nel.  Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Robert Key, Michael Vaughan (capt.), Graham Thorpe, Andrew Flintoff, Geraint Jones (wkt), Ashley Giles, Matthew Hoggard, Steve Harmison, Simon Jones.  SA Bucknor (WI), Aleem Dar (Pkn) 

Wenger keeping faith with Almunia  Arsene Wenger has pledged to keep faith with stand-in keeper Manuel Almunia for the crunch week which could define Arsenal's season.  Almunia will start Tuesday's Champions League group tie against Rosenborg and is likely to face Chelsea on Sunday. Wenger said: "You don't think I would take out one goalkeeper for just one game, do you? I don't do that. "I have to give him a run for a few games. It's just that I don't want to make this story bigger than it is." Wenger insists he has complete faith in the 27-year-old Spaniard, who was signed last summer from Celta Vigo as back-up to Jens Lehmann.  "If you look at my career, you will see that I have left many big players out for a long time. I've done it with Dennis Bergkamp, Kanu, everybody. "It's because it's a goalkeeper, that's all. It's a usual situation for me. You put your best team out, no matter who it is. "For me, it was not a big mistake at Old Trafford and I wasn't alarmed by what happened against Birmingham either. "It's nothing against Lehmann. I think he's a great keeper, as is Almunia. You can only play one of them. "These people are not robots - they have good periods and less good periods. Just because Lehmann doesn't play for two or three weeks, or longer or shorter, it doesn't mean I've lost faith in him."  But former Arsenal keeper David Seaman believes Lehmann has been harshly treated. Seaman told the Daily Mail: "Jens is a fantastic keeper. He deserves another chance. "He has made a few mistakes but on form he deserves to be the first-team choice." With Arsenal hit by injuries and suspension, inexperienced midfield pair of Mathieu Flamini and Cesc Fabregas will line up against Rosenborg but Wenger is confident they will prove more than capable. "It puts a lot of pressure on them but it's a good learning process," said Wenger. "I'm not worried as they are both mentally strong and will put in the needed workrate."  The Gunners go into the game boosted by the news that defender Sol Campbell is on the verge of signing a new deal with the club. And the 30-year-old, whose current contract runs out in the summer, has made it clear he is determined to achieve Champions League success with Arsenal. Campbell said: "It means a lot to me to go through, it's everything. We want to carry on in this competition. "That's where the best teams in Europe are. To be in there, playing against these guys and trying to win the trophy, is the first thing in my mind."  Meanwhile, Thierry Henry believes he will be blamed if Arsenal fail to qualify for the next stage of the Champions League. Henry will captain the side in place of the suspended Patrick Vieira as the Gunners seek the required victory over Rosenborg. And the striker said: "If we don't win and we go out of the competition, like it or not, it's going to be my fault. That's the way it is. "If the team don't win I know I will be criticised, no matter how I play." 

European medal chances improve  What have the European Indoor trials told us? Well, I think we could be heading to the European Championships with half a dozen medal prospects.  It was good to see athletes beginning to make steps forward, to see a few new faces and there were lots of personal bests kicking around.  The best performance on the track for me was Sarah Claxton's win in the 60m hurdles. Running sub-eight seconds twice in a week puts her right up there and if she repeats that in Madrid she will be close to picking up a medal. But what was great about Sunday's performance was that she was under pressure to produce the goods when it counted. Diane Allahgreen has been our best hurdler for some time now and I think she was surprised to be beaten by Sarah. And knowing that she got the better of Diane in a head-to-head race will give Sarah confidence. In the men's race on Saturday, Allan Scott was right in there and there is definitely more to come from him. In fact, the men's 60m hurdles is so strong, I think the selectors will pick three hurdlers to go to Madrid.  Phillips Idowu lit up the field events, not only with his hair, but also with his leap of 17.30m, which puts him at the top of the world rankings. I had a chat with him before the competition and he was really looking forward to getting out there. He feels he is in great shape and has some big jumps inside him - but then Phillips always has. A lot of the athletes said the runway was not very helpful, so for Phillips to jump like that is a good performance. He is such a huge talent but just needs some consistency - and if he does that then the big jumps will get even further. Across the board I thought Kelly Sotherton had a great weekend and continued to show she is developing. She picked up three personal bests in the long jump, high jump and 60m hurdles and you can't ask for more than that. Kelly will be up against Carolina Kluft in the pentathlon at the European Championships but she has every chance of a medal on the basis of what we've seen so far.  She has a complicated training regime where different people help her with different disciplines but it seems to be working really well. It wasn't all good news in Sheffield. I thought both the 60m races were disappointing in different ways. Jason Gardener may have won but he wasn't at his best. I chatted to him afterwards and he knows it was an off-day for him. He's there to be shot at and the other lads nearly got a big scalp out there. In the women's race, Jeanette Kwayke was hoping to run against defending champion Joice Maduaka. The pair are enjoying a bit of rivalry but Joice had to pull out with a chest infection. If she had made the final I think Jeanette would have gone a bit quicker.  Janine Whitlock competed well in the pole vault on her return following a two-year drugs ban. But the most disappointing thing in the wider view is that she is our best pole vaulter by a long way and that shouldn't be the case. The event has moved on immensely since Janine has been away and if there was more domestic competition I think that would help her. A couple of other interesting topics to look out for are the citizenship issues surrounding Mark Findlay and Rabah Yusuf. Findlay is a Londoner who has chosen to represent Trinidad and Tobago but has never run for them so he could still compete for Great Britain. Yusuf, who came third in the 400m, is from the Sudan but is trying to gain British citizenship. He came to Britain as a high jumper but damaged his toe, started doing more running and found his talent. So we shall have to see what happens to both of them. 

Man City 0-2 Man Utd  Manchester United reduced Chelsea's Premiership lead to nine points after a scrappy victory over Manchester City.  Wayne Rooney met Gary Neville's cross to the near post with a low shot, which went in via a deflection off Richard Dunne, to put United ahead. Seven minutes later, the unfortunate Dunne hooked a volley over David James' head and into his own net. Steve McManaman wasted City's best chance when he shot wide from three yards in the first half. In the opening 45 minutes United had looked unlikely to earn the win they needed to maintain any chance of catching Chelsea in the title race. Their approach play was more laboured than patient and they managed to fashion just one chance - a Paul Scholes header over the bar. And City seemed to be content to sit back and try and hit their rivals on the break as the game settled into a tepid pattern. Only Shaun Wright-Phillips appeared capable of interrupting the monotony, looking lively down the right and causing Gabriel Heinze problems.  Wes Brown also found Wright-Phillips to be a difficult opponent when the tricky winger embarrassed him near the touchline. Wright-Phillips' sublime skill and pace took him past Brown and he delivered a pin-point centre to the feet of McManaman. But the former Liverpool player demonstrated why he has never scored against United by side-footing the easy chance wide. John O'Shea was forced off after an earlier clash with Sylvain Distin and Cristiano Ronaldo came on to replace him. He immediately caused Ben Thatcher some discomfort and looked set to inject some much-needed pace into the United attack. Rooney was being well marshalled by Dunne - but that was all about to change. After the break, United poured forward and there was a renewed urgency about their play. And when Neville delivered a cross in a carbon copy of City's best first-half chance, Rooney showed McManaman how to do it - even if he needed the help of Dunne's leg. Worse was to come for Dunne, who had been having a fine match. On 75 minutes, he scored a horrible own goal when attempting to volley clear Rooney's cross and United seemed home and dry. However, City did fight back and Fowler missed another great chance from close range. And United keeper Roy Carroll saved well from Kiki Musampa. But United could have a had a third late on when substitute Ryan Giggs hit the post.  - Manchester City boss Kevin Keegan: "We had a great chance to take the lead and the first goal was always going to be crucial. "We started off with a good tempo but then we allowed them to dictate the pace a bit too much. "But we still had four good chances, two after we'd gone 2-0 down, the one McManaman missed was very similar to the one Wayne Rooney scored from."   - Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson: "It wasn't our best performance of the last three months but I think we're deserved winners. "At times, especially in the first half, we didn't play with enough speed. But with (Cristiano) Ronaldo and (Ryan) Giggs on, the speed improved. "Derby games can be like that, they can be scrappy, dull, horrible and it was maybe like that." Man City: James, Mills (Bradley Wright-Phillips 83), Dunne, Distin, Thatcher, Shaun Wright-Phillips, Barton (Macken 68), Sibierski, McManaman, Musampa, Fowler. Subs Not Used: Weaver, Onuoha, Flood. Booked: Fowler, Sibierski. Man Utd: Carroll, Gary Neville, Ferdinand, Brown, Heinze, O'Shea (Ronaldo 33), Keane, Fortune, Fletcher (Giggs 64), Rooney, Scholes (Phil Neville 84). Subs Not Used: Howard, Bellion. Booked: Rooney, Scholes, Keane. Goals: Rooney 68, Dunne 75 og. Att: 47,111 Ref: S Bennett (Kent). 

Connors' rallying cry for British tennis  "Do you have it in your heart? How much guts do you have? How much do you hate to lose?"  These are the questions Jimmy Connors will be asking of Britain's brightest tennis hopes in the months, and possibly years, to come. The American legend swept into London on Thursday to announce a "long-term" relationship with the Lawn Tennis Association after spending three days at the Elite Performance winter camp in La Manga. And the man who epitomised the phrase 'will to win' before Lleyton Hewitt was even born is clear about the qualities he hopes to convey. "You know, everybody hits the ball well and there's a very fine line between number one and number 100," said Connors. "I was that fine line for a long time. But if I can help, I want to be part of teaching kids how to win."  Connors is not the first great name to offer his services to the LTA - his long-time rival John McEnroe has repeatedly done the same. But Connors is at pains to point out that his interest goes well beyond any publicity stunt, and he gave a glowing recommendation to the work of LTA performance director David Felgate and his team. "Britain has a different attitude, the right attitude, in taking the game forward and finding the next Wimbledon champion," said Connors. "That's something you don't find every day. Everybody talks a good game but not everybody puts that into effect. "The impression I came away with after just seeing David and the other coaches for three days was one like I've never seen before, especially over here. "This is not going to happen overnight, there are no miracle workers, but you're going in the right direction." The 52-year-old's enthusiasm for the work going on in this country is in marked contrast to his relationship with tennis officials back in America. "I've had discussions with the USTA (United States Tennis Association) over a number of years," he said. "That's where it (my input) ended." Connors is a straight-talker and will be equally blunt and honest in his dealings with the LTA and the cream of Britain's young players. "If they're chosen, they've got to produce," he said.  "If not, someone will come and take their place. There's only one number one spot and it's lonely up there, but it's got the best view." In the year that has seen Andrew Murray emerge as Britain's great new hope, Connors rejected suggestions that the Scot might be put under too much pressure too soon. "Tim Henman has a whole country on his shoulder," said Connors. "I don't know that pressure, but if you like that it can be a certain push to get on to the next level. "Someone's going to have to come and take over from him (Henman). If I was Andrew Murray, I'd embrace that. That's what we play for." Despite the emphasis on hard work, training and preparation, Connors does admit that the desire required of a champion has to come from within. "The passion I had, I don't know if you can find that," he admitted. "I was also nuts. I say that because there was nothing better for me than to compete on the tennis court. "It was the most important thing in the world for me, and to do that something's got to be not right with you. There was nothing better for me ever than to play tennis in front of 25,000 people. "What I had when I played tennis is what I am. You have to have that, you can't be moulded." 

A year to remember for Irish  There used to be one subliminal moment during a year in Irish rugby that stood out more than most.  Well, at least there used to one. Now there is a handful to look back with a mixture of satisfaction, and sorrow. It has been quite a year for the Irish, and not just with Eddie O'Sullivan's Triple Crown winning international outfit either. Right down through the ranks Irish rugby is creating waves and upsetting the more established teams in the game. But most of the kudos will go to O'Sullivan and his merry band of warriors who not only collected their first Triple Crown for 29 years, but also finished their autumn campaign with a 100% record. For the second year in succession they also finished in the runners-up spot in the RBS Six Nations. But in the three games in November which included a victory over Tri-Nations champions and Grand Slam chasing South Africa, Ireland finsihed the year on a high. The 18-12 victory at Lansdowne Road was only their second victory over the Boks after the initial success back in 1965. That success was revenge for the consecutive defeats in Blomefontein and Cape Town in the summer. Those two reverses and the 35-17 flop against France, were the only dark patches in an otherwise excellent 12 months. But the big one, of course, was the 19-13 defeat of World Cup champions England on their precious Twickenham turf. The winning try was conceived in O'Sullivan's mind, perfectly executed by the team and finished immaculately by Girvan Dempsey. For me, the try of the Championship. O'Sullivan's career is now in vertical take-off mode. It is no wonder that Sir Clive Woodward has elevated the Galway-based coach to head the Lions Test side. Not only that, but a fair majority of the present Ireland side will be wearing red next June in New Zealand.  There can be no doubt that Ireland's representation will be the biggest ever, albeit in a proposed 44-man squad. In Brian O'Driscoll and Paul O'Connell, Ireland have now the two front-runners for the captaincy. Gordon D'Arcy, whose career began as a teenager back in 1999, finally arrived when he was named the Six Nations Player of the Tournament. But it was not only the senior squad that brought kudos to Ireland, the youngsters strutted their stuff on the big stage as well. The under-21 squad confounded the doubters as they went all the way to the World Cup final in Scotland only to be beaten by a powerful All Black side in the decider. The young Irish boys had stated their intentions earlier in the season when they finished runners-up to England in the Six Nations under-21 tournament. On the provincial front, Leinster, for second year in succession, blew it when the Heineken Cup looked a good wager. While Ulster finished runners-up in their very tight group for the second season in succession, it was Munster again flying the flag for the Irish. Looking to reach their third final, they went down 37-32 to eventual winners Wasps in what many beileve was the most competitive and thunderous game ever witnessed at Lansdowne Road. How Wasps recovered from that energy-sapping duel, and then go onto to defeat Toulouse in the final was anybody's guess. Ulster, meanwhile, just lost out to adding the inaugural Celtic Cup in winning the Celtic League when they were pipped at the post by the Scarlets in the final game.  Ulster, however, took time to start the new season under new coach Mark McCall. The once famous Ravenhill fortress was breached four times as Ulster only manged five wins from their first 12 outings in the Celtic League. Leinster are again looking the most potent outfit going into 2005, but whether they can take that final step under Declan Kidney is another thing. On the down side, Irish rugby was hit by a number of tragedies. Teenage star John McCall died while playing for the Ireland against New Zealand in the under-19 World Cup game in Durban. That happened only 10 days after he led Royal Armagh to their first Ulster Schools' Cup success since 1977. The death of former Ireland coach and Lions flanker Mike Doyle in a car crash in Northern Ireland shocked the rugby fraternity A larger than life character, Doyle had coached Ireland to the Triple Crown in 1985, the last time that goal had been achieved before this season. Ulster rugby also suffered the sudden deaths of well-known Londonderry YM player Jim Huey, Coleraine's Jonathan Hutchinson, and Belfast Harlequins lock Johnny Poole. They all passed away long before the full-time whistle. 

What now for Kelly Holmes?  Last April, Kelly Holmes spoke to the BBC Sport website about her loneliness, her fight to stay fit and her decision not to contest both the 800m and 1500m at the Olympics.  It just goes to show even the most meticulous and measured athletes cannot predict what fate has in store for them. Four months later, Holmes stormed to double Olympic gold and has since been made a Dame, won the BBC Sport Personality of the Year and written a book whilst still finding time to coach aspiring athletes. With so much time spent in the spotlight, Holmes has increasingly dropped hints that her ambition on the track has begun to wilt. And when asked about her plans for both the indoor and outdoor seasons ahead, the 34-year-old has repeatedly chosen to tick the "don't know" box. Holmes has now pulled out of this weekend's European Indoor Championships, where she was selected for both the 800m and 1500m, because of a hamstring injury. But should we be surprised if the Olympic champion over both those distances decides she just does not feel like racing anymore? "Well, it's a lot easier being the double Olympic champion, being feted by everybody, than training to be at the top in middle distance running," points out former Olympian and BBC pundit Steve Cram. "You have to have a real strong desire to carry on doing it even if you're very talented."  Holmes' drive and determination have always been unquestionable - that is the reason she has battled back from a string of injuries that threatened to see her finish her career empty-handed. But alarm bells start ringing when the Kent athlete begins questioning herself. "Will I have as much commitment, desire and energy to go through a major championship?" Holmes asked in the New Year. "That is what I don't know." At 34, Holmes will also be aware that time is running out. US 400m and 200m legend Michael Johnson, a five-time Olympic gold medallist, retired shortly after his 34th birthday as did Britain's double Olympic champion decathlete Daley Thompson. The physical demands of the day-to-day grind will only get harder for Holmes, who has already admitted she "doesn't like the training anymore." Whilst out on the circuit the allure of defeating a double Olympic champion will spur her opponents on. Holmes will not want to needlessly suffer the indignity of being beaten. Unless she is certain she has a strong chance of winning any race, she will not step onto the track. But if the Kent athlete finds the form that fuelled her ambitions last summer, there are more prizes up for grabs. The day after completing her double in Athens, the 34-year-old revealed she would still like to win her first indoors title.  Holmes' wish could easily be met in Madrid before she goes on to prepare for the outdoor season where there are still scores to be settled, such as a first gold at the World Championships in Helsinki. There is just one small truth which could gnaw away at Holmes' motivation - the realisation that no matter how hard she trains, nothing she wins now can surpass her achievements in Athens. On the other hand, if those achievements cannot be matched shouldn't they be at least shared and celebrated? "You don't get the chance very often in your career to step onto the track as the double Olympic champion," agreed Cram. "You want to be able to take your bow in front of the fans because it's a fantastic feeling. "I think deep down Kelly wants to run. I think she will compete and run races on the circuits but whether or not she runs in the major championships is much less certain."  Athletics fans had every reason to believe they would see the new-look Kelly Holmes tearing up the track again. After her Olympic glory she emphatically denied she planned to retire. So, why is Holmes dragging her heels about making a decision on where, when or whether to even bother competing again? "That's just Kelly," explains Cram. "She's always been like that. "She enjoys people trying to guess what she is going to do next. She knows every time she makes a pronouncement now it's headline news. "Kelly has to figure out for herself what it is she wants and that will be based on athletics decisions, whether she can be competitive, if she is fit enough to put her neck on the line. "And if she decides not to run again, no-one is going to turn round and say 'you're making the wrong decision.'" 

Britain boosted by Holmes double  Athletics fans endured a year of mixed emotions in 2004 as stunning victories went hand-in-hand with disappointing defeats and more drugs scandals.  Kelly Holmes finally fulfilled her potential by storming to double gold on the track at the Olympic Games. Holmes helped erase the gloom hanging over Team GB after their biggest medal hope, Paula Radcliffe, dropped out of the marathon and then the 10,000m. Britain's men's 4x100m relay team also did their bit by taking a shock gold. Holmes had started the year in disappointing style, falling over in the final of 1500m at the World Indoor Championships where she was favourite. Her Olympic build-up was clouded by self doubt but that proved unfounded as she overhauled rival Maria Mutola to win the 800m - her first global title. Just five days later, the 34-year-old made it double gold in the 1500m. It was the first time in 84 years a Briton has achieved the Olympic middle-distance double. While Holmes left Athens as the star of Team GB, it was Radcliffe who carried expectations before the August Games.  The 30-year-old marathon world record holder went into the Athens event as favourite but an exhausted Radcliffe dropped out after 23 miles in tears. Her decision to enter the 10,000m five days later also backfired as she again pulled out with eight laps remaining.  But Radcliffe helped put her Olympic trauma behind her with a thrilling win in November's New York Marathon. The 4x100m team grabbed some last-gasp glory for the British men's Olympic squad after a poor start to the Games.  It seemed as though Athens would be the first Games where the men would fail to win a medal with Michael East the only individual track finalist in the 1500m. But Darren Campell, Jason Gardener, Marlon Devonish and Mark Lewis-Francis made amends in the sprint relay. The quartet held off favourites the USA to win Britain's first relay medal since 1912 in 38.07 seconds. Gardener added the Olympic relay crown to his World Indoor title over 60m and, just like Holmes, finally lived up to his promise in 2004. Kelly Sotherton completed Team GB's athletics medal haul in Athens with a surprise bronze in the heptathlon. The 28-year-old won her first championship medal since becoming a full-time athlete in 2003.  But it was a different story for Britain's defending champion Denise Lewis, who withdrew on day two of the competition after some poor results. Lewis, who was troubled by injury, has ruled out retiring while Sotherton is tipped to build on her success. The Athens Olympics proved to be a landmark occasion for Steve Backley, who retired from competition after finishing fourth in the javelin. The battling 35-year-old leaves the sport with a vast medal haul including two silvers and one Olympic bronze.  And Backley's departure was balanced by the return of injury-hit decathlete Dean Macey, who came fourth in Athens.  The continued improvement of sprinter Abi Oyepitan and long jumper Chris Tomlinson also boosted Team GB. Sadly, the 2004 Olympics did not escape the problems of drugs misuse. On the eve of the Games, Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou missed a drugs test and claimed to have been involved in a road crash.  Kenteris, the 200m champion in 2000, and Thanou have since been charged by the Greek authorities and await trial. At the Games, Adrian Annus (hammer), Robert Fazelas (discus) and Irina Korzhanenko (shot) were all stripped of their titles because of doping issues. Hungarian compatriots Annus and Fazelas both refused to give urine samples while Russian Korzhanenko tested positive for the steroid stanozolol.  The fallout from the THG scandal, which rocked the sport in 2003, continued to impact in Olympic year. Britain's 4x100m team took gold without the services of Dwain Chambers, who was handed a two-year ban in February after testing positive for steroid THG.  American Kelli White was suspended and stripped of her world 100m and 200m titles after failing a drugs test. And world 400m champion Jerome Young landed a life ban from US chiefs after a second doping offence. Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva provided some light relief by smashing the world record seven times on her way to the World Indoor and Olympic titles. Her rivalry with compatriot Svetlana Feofanova livened up the field events. Morocco's Hicham El Guerrouj also delighted fans by racing to a historic Olympic double in the 1500m and 5,000m.  And though there was no Paula Radcliffe in the London Marathon, there was plenty of drama as Kenyans Evans Rutto and Margaret Okayo took the titles. Rutto held on to win despite slipping on some cobblestones and tumbling into a barrier. Okayo also had to battle back after mistiming her tactics but clinched victory on her debut. 

Mourinho plots impressive course  Chelsea's win at Fulham - confirming their position at the Premiership summit - proves that they now have everything in place to mount serious challenges on all fronts this season.  They have got strength in depth, great players, an outstanding manager in Jose Mourinho and finances no other club in the world can match. All they need to add now is the big prizes which, as we all know, is the most difficult part of all. One thing is certain - they have put themselves in a position to make that leap to success very impressively indeed. They beat a very tough Everton at Stamford Bridge, won at Newcastle in the Carling Cup, and then won 4-1 at Fulham, which was a great result given that they had been showing good form. As I said, winning the major honours is the hardest task of all, but in Mourinho they have a manager who will make it a whole lot easier to handle the anticipation and expectation that will come their way now. Mourinho has won the biggest club prize of all, the Champions League, and that track record and confidence transmits itself to top players. It is a priceless commodity. No-one can be anything other than highly-impressed by Mourinho. He is regarded as a touch arrogant by some people, and maybe he can appear that way, but he has the silverware to back up the talk. Mourinho doesn't simply talk a good game - he's won some very big games such as the Champions League final with Porto. Some may criticise his talk, but the words are backed up with actions. I've also found him to be very realistic whenever I've heard him. He's spent a lot of money and it seems to be working, and we should remember lots of managers have spent money and it has not worked. The buys are now integrating, and in Arjen Robben he has the player who is giving them that extra dimension.  In the early games he was slaughtered for defensive tactics, and yet he was winning games. You cannot win titles early on in the season, but you can certainly lose them and those points on the board were vital. I also thought the criticism was very harsh, because even though they were not scoring goals they were creating chances by the hatful. Now they are taking those chances, have the double threat of Robben and Damien Duff, and things are looking good. I just wonder if they lack a predator, particularly with Didier Drogba injured. He was starting to look the part before he was sidelined, but you have to feel if Chelsea had a Ruud van Nistelrooy they would be even more of a safe bet for the title. Chelsea also have all the tools to go far in the Champions League. I felt they would never have a better chance than last season, but they have swept all before them in Europe so far this season. It will now be very interesting to see how Mourinho prioritises things, but his life will be made easier by the size of Chelsea's squad. I have said I believed Chelsea would win the league this season, even when Arsenal were flying at the start, and I have seen nothing to make me change me mind.  If anything, what I have seen has confirmed my early impressions. And Chelsea would have taken encouragement from Arsenal's rocky defensive display at Spurs, even though they ran out 5-4 winners. Mourinho had his say on that game, complaining: "Five-four is a hockey score, not a football score. "In a three-against-three training match, if the score reaches 5-4 I send the players back to the dressing rooms as they are not defending properly. "So to get a result like that in a game of 11 against 11 is disgraceful."  On a more serious note, it was a game that merely confirmed the importance of Sol Campbell to Arsenal. Much criticism has been aimed at Pascal Cygan, but I believe the problem lies with the absence of Campbell and its overall effect on Arsenal's defence. Confidence is a crucial factor in defending. When you start conceding goals, you suddenly get a chill in the bones every time the ball comes into the penalty area. You think "oh no" - then find your worst fears confirmed. Arsenal need to reverse the process, with or without Campbell, and get some clean sheets on the board. But the return of Campbell is key. He solidifies the unit, has pace and is powerful in the air and on the deck. He is vastly experienced and has a calming influence on all around him. Campbell pulls it all together at the back and gets the defence playing as a unit. Chelsea have no such problems at present, which is why I would still place my money on them to edge out Arsenal as champions this season. 

Costin aims for comeback in 2006  Jamie Costin should be paralysed.  He says so himself in a matter-of-fact way as he recalls the car accident which occurred nine days before he was scheduled to step out into the Olympic Stadium in Athens for the 50K Walk. There is an ironic chuckle as he talks of his immediate thoughts after a lorry, driving on the wrong side of the road, had ploughed into his rental car. "I was in a lot of pain and I guessed that one of my toes was broken," says the Waterford man. "But I was thinking maybe with a cortisone injection you never know. "In my back, it felt as though all the muscles had been ripped off my pelvis but I was thinking maybe we could do something with laser therapy and ultra sound and hopefully I'd be able to race." It took over 10 hours before Jamie knew with certainty that he would not be competing in his second Olympics. "My back had been broken in two places and with one of my vertebrae, the bottom part had exploded so I'm fierce lucky not be paralysed. "I'd fractured my big toe as well which was on the brake." Jamie didn't finally arrive at hospital in Athens until some nine and a half hours after the accident.  "For the first nine hours, I had no pain killers which was ridiculous in 35 degrees heat. "But once I got the scans and saw them it was a case of moving on and thinking:'OK, I've got a different set of circumstances now'." Within three days he was arriving back in Ireland by air ambulance. Doctors in Athens had wanted to operate on Jamie's back immediately but he insisted on delaying any surgery until he arrived back home - something he is now very relieved about. "The Greek doctors were going to put three or four inch titanium rods either side of my spinal cord up through my vertebrae. "That would have fused all my lower back and I would never have been able to race again. They were really putting a lot of pressure on me to agree to the surgery. "But when I got to the Mater in Dublin they said it was possible for it to heal totally naturally which is giving me the chance to get back into competition which is very important to me. The people at the Mater have been absolutely fantastic." Jamie had to wear a body cast for three and a half months after the accident and spent most of that time flat on his back.  He then progressed to crutches for six weeks until he was finally able to walk unaided on 10 January. "Walking without the crutches seemed like something finally really measurable in terms of my recovery." Physio sessions with Johnston McEvoy in Limerick have been a vital part of his recovery. "Johnston uses an advanced type of acupuncture and it's very effective. "Needles get put right close up to my spine. A two and a half inch needle went in yesterday and I'm fairly incapacitated today as a result." Jamie has also travelled to receive treatment at the Polish training centre in Spala where he has trained with triple Olympic champion Robert Korzeniowski over the past five years. "I was there for over a fortnight earlier this month and underwent a fair extreme treatment called cryotherapy. "Basically, there's a small room which is cooled by liquid nitrogen to minus 160 degrees centigrade and it promotes deep healing."  Jamie heads to Poland again on Sunday where he will be having daily cryotherapy in addition to twice-daily physio sessions and pool-work. All these sessions are small steps on the way to what Jamie hopes will be a return to racing in 2006. "It's all about trying to get mobility in my back. Lying down for three and a half months didn't really help with the strength. "There's a lot of work involved in my recovery. I'm doing about six hours a day between physio and pool work. "I'm also going to the gym to lift very light weights to try and build up my muscles. I'm fairly full on with everything I do. "I'd hope to be training regularly by March. But training is just part of the process of getting back. "At the moment, every time I go and do a big bit of movement, my whole pelvic area all down my lower back just tightens up. "It's a case of waiting and seeing how it reacts. Hopefully, after four or five months my back won't tighten up as much." 

Radcliffe tackles marathon tasks  Paula Radcliffe faces arguably the biggest test of her career in the New York City Marathon on Sunday.  Back under the spotlight of public scrutiny she will attempt to erase the double disappointment of the Athens Olympics, where she failed to finish the marathon and then the 10,000m. BBC Sport examines the challenges facing Radcliffe ahead of the big race.   The ability to run a gruelling 26.2 miles relies largely upon an athlete's belief that they can do it. Every runner will hit the wall at some stage and see written on it, "Are you strong enough to finish?"  The question could hit Radcliffe hard after she was unable to complete her last two races in high-profile and emotional circumstances. Sports psychologist Hugh Richards says the 30-year-old must draw on her past achievements to conquer a potential crisis of confidence. "There is an old adage, 'get straight back on the horse that threw you,'" Richards told BBC Sport. "Paula has got all those great runs in her history as well as the two upsets in Athens. "She must not lose faith in what has already been proven is a very effective strategy for distance running. "If she were to change her preparation and tactics that would be madness. "She wants to start rebuilding her confidence through performance accomplishment."   For much of the watching media and public there can only be two possible outcomes in New York - win or lose. If Radcliffe crosses the line first she will have proved her critics wrong. But if she fails to triumph, she risks being labelled a has-been and her profile will suffer. And for any athlete that can have repercussions in terms of sponsorship, appearance fees as well as further self esteem issues.  "Athletes need to try and stay focused on their internal controls and ignore external questions," explains Richards, who has worked with past Olympians. "She must not get caught up in someone else's agenda." Radcliffe's best friend and fellow distance runner Liz Yelling revealed the 30-year-old is already aware she will be exposing herself to more public scrutiny in New York. "She just thought, 'well, they can't think any worse of me now,'" Yelling told BBC Sport. "She's just doing what she wants to do and not thinking about the consequences of it."   Radcliffe described her decision to enter the New York marathon as "impulsive" but she is certain to have a tick-list of personal goals. Her aims could be as simple as completing a race and making sure she is still enjoying running but Richards says she must avoid more emotional targets, such as redemption. "You can't change history," warned Richards. "Only one person can win the marathon but lots of people can be successful. "Paula has to figure out what sort of things will she feel satisfied achieving by the end of the race."   The course from Staten Island to Central Park is renowned as one of the toughest in the world. It is also not the kind of fast course that tends to suit Radcliffe better, with the undulating finish through the park testing the legs' final reserves.  Radcliffe has never raced there before and will enter the unknown just 77 days after the Athens marathon. "It's suggested after a major marathon you take a full month off and start building up again," said Yelling, herself a marathon runner. "But that is only for long-term health and fitness. "When you finish a marathon you are still very fit and can recover quickly. So physically it is possible for Paula." Richards also points out conditions in New York will be more conducive to a strong physical display from Radcliffe. "The heat stress was the primary factor that tripped her up in Athens," he said. "And that just isn't going to be there in New York, that's been taken out of the equation."     Radcliffe concedes she will probably learn a lot from her bad experiences in Athens in time. And Richards and Yelling agree she could turn the trauma to her advantage, starting in New York. "How you respond to adversity is what marks you out as elite or not," argues Richards.  "One of the challenges of massive set backs is how you turn them into opportunities." And Yelling says: "I think this will probably make Paula." "I think it will drive her on and she'll come out of it a better athlete." 

Gunners clock up winning record  Arsenal claimed the Premiership title and re-wrote the record books in the process by going the entire 38-game season unbeaten.  It was the first time a team had gone through a top-flight season undefeated since Preston in the 1888-89 season. Arsenal romped home by a convincing 11-point margin from Chelsea. The closest they came to defeat was in the so-called "Battle of Old Trafford" when Ruud van Nistelrooy missed a last-minute penalty in a goalless draw.  It was a game that cast a shadow over the season, with Van Nistelrooy surrounded by angry Arsenal players. Arsenal's Lauren was banned for four games, Martin Keown three matches and Ray Parlour one after the incident. Manchester United pair Ryan Giggs and Cristiano Ronaldo were also fined for their part in the fracas. Arsenal's title triumph made up for more disappointment on the European stage, where they lost to Chelsea in the Champions League quarter-finals. Arsene Wenger's side looked on course to finally end their Champions League drought, particularly after winning 5-1 away to Inter Milan.  But in a twist on their domestic domination, Chelsea won 2-1 at Highbury to clinch a 3-2 aggregate victory. Manchester United fared even worse, going out to Porto when Francisco Costina scored a last-minute Old Trafford equaliser. United finished third in the league, but had an FA Cup win for consolation. Porto's success introduced manager Jose Mourinho to a wider audience, and particularly Chelsea. Chelsea manager Claudio Ranieri lived under a cloud of speculation all season, particulary claims he would be replaced by Sven-Goran Eriksson. It intensified when Eriksson was caught holding talks with Chelsea chief executive Peter Kenyon. An embarrassed England coach was then awarded a new four-year contract by the Football Association. Ranieri sealed his fate with a series of bizarre substitutions as Chelsea lost 3-1 in the first leg of the Champions League semi-final in Monaco.  And when he inevitably lost his job, it was Mourinho, who went on to win the Champions League with Porto, who stepped in to take over. Mourinho's reign began well, with Chelsea topping the Premiership at Christmas and joining Arsenal, Manchester United and Liverpool in the next phase of the Champions League. Another manager to lose his job was Liverpool's Gerard Houllier, whose reign ended after six years. Houllier paid the price for finishing fourth and without a trophy last term. He was replaced by Valencia's Rafael Benitez, whose impressive credentials included winning Spain's La Liga and the Uefa Cup last season. Valencia beat Marseille 2-0 to cement Benitez's growing reputation. Manchester United enjoyed their moment of glory by beating Millwall 3-0 in the FA Cup final in Cardiff. Ruud van Nistelrooy struck twice and Cristiano Ronaldo was also on target at Dennis Wise's side were outclassed by their Premiership opponents. Wolves lost their Premiership status, along with Leicester City and Leeds United, who completed a stunning decline from grace. Leeds had reached the Champions League semi-final three years before they went down after defeat at Bolton. The three were replaced by Norwich, West Brom and Crystal Palace, who beat West Ham in the play-off in Cardiff. The summer saw big-spending in the transfer market, with Wayne Rooney the central figure in the drama. Teenager Rooney returned to Everton after Euro 2004 with superstar status assured after stunning performances. And when he refused to sign a new five-year contract, Newcastle United opened the bidding at £20m. A transfer request followed and Manchester United completed a £27m deal just hours before the transfer window closed at the end of August. Rooney confirmed his worth with a hat-trick on his debut in the Champions League against Fenerbahce.  Chelsea, inevitably, were among the big-spenders again, splashing out £24m on Marseille's Didier Drogba and £20m on Porto defender Ricardo Carvalho. Last and by no means least, the other major piece of domestic silverware went to Middlesbrough, who ended 128 barren years by winning the Carling Cup. They beat Bolton 2-1 in the final with goals from Joseph-Desire Job and a penalty from Boudewijn Zenden. The pressures of the top-flight were cruelly illustrated at Southampton. Paul Sturrock was sacked only two games into the new season, one of which was a win against Blackburn, and only 13 games in total at St Mary's. Another manager to pay the price early-season was West Brom's Gary Megson, who was sacked after revealing he would not renew his contract. He guided West Brom back into the Premiership, but his relationship with chairman Jeremy Peace was fragile. Bryan Robson succeeded him as he returned to his old club. In Scotland, Henrik Larsson bid an emotional and successful farewell to Celtic after seven glorious seasons. Celtic won the league and also the Scottish Cup, beating Dunfermline 3-1 in the final, with the Swede scoring twice to take his season's tally to 41. And it took his overall Celtic goals record to 242 goals in 315 appearances before joining Barcelona. Underdogs Livingston claimed the CIS Insurance Cup with a 2-0 win against Hibs, a victory for the romantics. 

Wenger steps up row  Arsene Wenger has stepped up his feud with Sir Alex Ferguson by claiming the Manchester United manager is guilty of bringing football into disrepute.  The pair's long-running row was put back in the headlines on Saturday when Ferguson said his Arsenal counterpart was "a disgrace". Wenger initially refused to bite back, saying only: "I will never answer any questions any more about this man." But now he claims Ferguson should be punished by the Football Association. The latest twist in the Ferguson-Wenger saga came on Saturday when the United boss, in an interview with The Independent newspaper, discussed the events after the game between the two sides in October. United won 2-0 that day, at Old Trafford, but the game was followed by a now notorious food fight which saw Ferguson's clothes covered in soup and pizza. The sides meet again at Highbury on 1 February. "In the tunnel Wenger was criticising my players, calling them cheats, so I told him to leave them alone and behave himself," Ferguson said on Saturday. "He ran at me with hands raised saying 'what do you want to do about it?' "To not apologise for the behaviour of the players to another manager is unthinkable. It's a disgrace, but I don't expect Wenger to ever apologise, he's that type of person."  Those allegations were put to Wenger after Saturday's game at Bolton, which Arsenal lost to slip 10 points behind Chelsea in the title race. At first he said only: "I've always been consistent with that story and told you nothing happened. "If he has to talk, he talks. If he wants to make a newspaper article, he makes a newspaper article. "He doesn't interest me and doesn't matter to me at all. I will never answer to any provocation from him any more. "He does what he likes in England anyway. He can go abroad one day and see how it is." But later on Saturday, according to The Independent, Wenger spoke to a smaller group of reporters and expanded on his reaction. "I have no diplomatic relations with him," the Arsenal boss is quoted as saying. "What I don't understand is that he does what he wants and you (the press) are all at his feet.  "The situation (concerning the food fight) has been judged and there is a game going on in a month. "The managers have a responsibility to protect the game before the game. But in England you are only punished for what you say after the game. "Now the whole story starts again. I don't go into that game. We play football. I am a football manager and I love football above all ... no matter what people say." Reminded that Ferguson called him "a disgrace", Wenger added: "I don't respond to anything. In England you have a good phrase. It is 'bringing the game into disrepute'. "But that is not only after a game, it is as well before a game."  Ferguson had also claimed that United chief executive David Gill and Arsenal vice-chairman David Dein had agreed at boardroom level not to discuss the incident in public. But Ferguson added: "In the ensuing weeks all you got was a diatribe from Arsenal about being kicked off the pitch and all that nonsense. Gill phoned Dein three times to complain but nothing was done. "The return is on 1 February and they will come out with another diatribe. "David Gill and I feel we should set the record straight because Arsenal have not written to us to apologise and we would not let that happen here." Meanwhile, the League Managers Association have offered to act as peacemakers in the hope of resolving the on-going row. During that stormy game in October, United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy caught Arsenal's Ashley Cole with one particularly strong tackle. Wenger later accused Van Nistelrooy of "cheating" and was fined £15,000 and "severely reprimanded" by the Football Association. Ferguson admitted on Saturday that Van Nistelrooy's tackle, which earned the Dutchman a ban, "could have given (Cole) a serious injury", but he believes Arsenal were the main aggressors.  "Wenger is always complaining the match was not played in the right spirit," he added. "They are the worst losers of all time, they don't know how to lose. Maybe it is just Manchester United, they don't lose many games to other teams. "We tend to forget the worst disciplinary record of all time was Arsenal's up until last season. In fairness it has improved and now they are seen as paragons of virtue. "But to Wenger it never happens, it is all some dream or nightmare." 

Johnson edges out rival Sotherton  Jade Johnson edged out rival Kelly Sotherton with her last effort to claim the AAAs long jump title at the Norwich Union European Indoor trials.  Olympic heptathlon bronze medallist, Sotherton, led the event with her first leap of 6.43m - a personal best. But Johnson, who has not competed indoors for five years, leapt to a life-time best of 6.50m in her last jump, after four fouls. Both Johnson and Sotherton passed the European Championships qualifying mark. Although Sotherton's main aim in Madrid next month will be the pentathlon where she will take on Olympic heptathlon champion Carolina Kluft. Ireland's  delivered a shock in the men's 200m as he stormed to his first major title in 21.01 seconds. British favourite Chris Lambert had to settle for second place while defending champion Ireland's Paul Brizzel took third. There was some consolation for Lambert as he set a personal best of 20.94 in the first round - good enough to qualify for Europe.  Two-time AAAs champion Allyn Condon and Ian Mackie had no such luck as they were disqualified in the heats. There was plenty of hot action in the men's 60m hurdles where Scotland's  was vying for top spot with Olympian Andy Turner. Scott, 22, smashed his personal best on the way to the final, where he broke it again to win the AAAs title in 7.58 seconds. Turner finished second in 7.82 after previously setting a personal best on the 7.83 in the semi-finals, while Damien Greaves did not finish the final. The trio of athletes have reached the European qualifying mark this season though one of them is set to miss out on a call-up to the British squad.  comfortably defended her 3,000m title, clocking eight minutes, 49.87 seconds to easily surpass the European qualifying mark. The European cross country bronze medallist is ranked number one in Europe this season and will go to Madrid with high hopes. Helen Clitheroe was agonisingly close to the 9:05.00 qualifying mark as she claimed the runners-up spot in a personal best of 9:05.73. In the men's 800m heats,  qualified fastest in the 800m heats to lay down a challenge to in-form  . The Welsh runner attacked the last 200m to come through ahead of James Thie in one minute, 49.87 seconds. McIlroy, who is third in the European rankings, eased across the finish in 1:50.87 to set up a showdown in Sunday's final in Sheffield. Both Watkins and McIlroy have already achieved the European qualifying mark. Scotland's Susan Deacon stole  's thunder in the final of the women's 200m. Fraser became the fastest British woman over the distance this season when she qualified for the final in 23.68 seconds - though that time is outside the European standard. But Deacon claimed her first AAAs title over the distance, edging Fraser into second in 23.67. In the women's shot put veteran  claimed her fourth AAAs title with a throw of 15.27m. But that mark was not good enough for the 39-year-old to book her place at next month's European Indoor Championships in Madrid. Sotherton finished fifth after producing two throws of 13.77m. In the absence of injured British number one Carl Myerscough,  claimed the men's shot put title with a throw of 17.64m, which was below the qualifying mark.  Sale's Robert Mitchell climbed to a season's best of 2.20m - just 3cm short of the European standard - to claim the British indoor high jump title.  could only clear 2.16m to finish in fourth but the 27-year-old's disappointment will be tempered as he had already achieved the qualifying mark at a meeting in Slovenia on Tuesday. There was bad luck for British number one  in the pole vault as he failed to clear the bar after deciding to come in at 5.45m. The AAAs indoor title went instead to Ashley Swain, who climbed to a season's best of 5.25m And Ireland's Taniesha Scanlon set a new national record of 13.28m in the women's triple jump. 

All Black magic: New Zealand rugby  Playing colours:  All black  The Haka and more!  The All Blacks  Charles John Munro discovered rugby at London's Christ College, and on his return to Nelson he staged New Zealand's first game. Nelson Town met Nelson College on 14 May, 1870, the Town triumphing by two goals to nil, instigating a game that would become a national obsession and come to dominate the country's sporting passions. The game appealed to the Kiwi psyche and quickly spread, the native Maoris finding a particular empathy with the sport's warrior ethos. In 1888 a British team led by AE Stoddart toured New Zealand and Australia, and soon after a Maori named Joe Warbrick and an English ex-pat called Thomas Eyton decided to gather a combined New Zealand team.  Twenty-two Maori and four 'pakiha' formed the 'New Zealand Native Team,' who played a total of 107 matches in New Zealand, Australia and the UK. The integration of white and Maori was a reflecion of enlightened New Zealand rugby and society, even if the British press were somewhat mystified by the pre-match tradition of the Maori war dance, the Haka! The other great symbol of New Zealand rugby, the all black kit with the silver fern on the breast, was proposed by Tom Ellison at the first annual meeting of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union in 1893. New Zealand played their first international against Australia in 1903, the Kiwis triumphing 22-3 in Sydney, and the following year an official British touring team came to New Zealand for the first time. The tourists had gone through Australia undefeated but their captain, David Revell Bedell-Sivright, created animosity in New Zealand with his patronising attitude. The Kiwis shocked the rugby world with a 9-3 triumph in Wellington, sparking great celebrations across the country, but Bedell-Sivright churlishly suggested that the victors would have no chance when they visited the UK.  Their opportunity to prove him wrong came in 1905 with the first official New Zealand tour to Europe. The tourists won their early games with a quick-thinking, inventive approach, but press criticism began to grow over their 2-3-2 scrum formation that left a 'roving' forward free to disrupt opposition attacks. The tactic was effective, two late tries seeing the Kiwis to a 12-7 win over Scotland, before Ireland were despatched 15-0 in Dublin. A huge crowd at Crystal Palace convulsed with laughter at the sight of the Haka - but the smiles were soon wiped from their faces when the tourists ran in five tries in a 15-0 hammering of England. New Zealand headed to Wales to meet a country in the midst of its first 'Golden Age,' and the encounter would be the first in a series of controversial clashes between the sides. An excellent try on the left wing by Teddy Morgan sealed a 3-0 win in a hard-fought encounter at Cardiff Arms Park, but post-match talk was dominated by a Bob Deans try that was ruled out by Scottish referee John Dallas. Dallas said that Deans was tackled short, but the Kiwi said he was dragged back into the field of play after grounding a try - on his death-bed three years later he exclaimed: "I did score that try in Cardiff."  Four of the 1905 All Blacks went over to the newly formed 'All Golds' rugby league side soon after the tour, but New Zealand were strong enough to crush an Anglo-Welsh touring team in 1908. The first South Africa tour of New Zealand in 1921 saw honours shared in a three-Test series, starting the greatest rivalry in rugby - and the long-running controversy between the countries over the All Blacks' inclusion of Maori players. The awesome 1924-5 All Black tourists became known as 'The Invincibles' after winning all 30 of their games in France, Britain and Ireland, including a crushing 19-0 victory over Wales at St Helen's. Despite their success, the All Blacks' 2-3-2 scrum formation left them somewhat short of possession at times, and the flaws were exploited by the Springboks in South Africa in 1928. Employing the modern 3-4-1 scrum line-up against the New Zealand 'rover' system for the first time, South African teams defeated the All Blacks in five games and the Test series was drawn two-all. The controversial New Zealand scrum method finally disappeared after the 1930 Lions tour (a series won 3-1 by New Zealand), the Lions manager describing the tactic as 'cheating,' prompting the International Rugby Board to rule that three men had to pack down in the front row of the scrum.  The All Blacks' 1935 European tour started inauspiciously with an 11-3 loss to a Swansea side inspired by teenage, schoolboy half-backs Hayden Tanner and Willie Davies. A thrilling Test at Cardiff Arms Park went to Wales 13-12, although the winning try from Geoffrey Rees-Jones was controversial following an illegal Claude Davey tackle in the build-up. New Zealand's next visit to Wales in 1953 proved difficult as they lost 8-3 to Cardiff and drew 6-6 at Swansea. The All Blacks were on top in the Test with Wales at the Arms Park, but the teams were locked at 8-8 when a Clem Thomas cross kick was gathered by Ken Jones for a famous, match-winning try. The tourists made some amends with wins over the other home nations, before a 19-5 success over the Barbarians in an Arms Park thriller. New Zealand built from that tour, and by the time they returned in 1963-4 they were undoubtedly the leading side in the world.  That made the shock all the greater when a drop goal by student John Uzzell gave Newport an unlikely 3-0 win over the tourists at Rodney Parade. Wilson Whinneray's side rallied to beat Wales 6-0, their first win at the Arms Park in four attempts, and went unbeaten through the rest of the tour, but when they returned home the first question put to them was: "What happened in Newport?" The only blemish on the record of the awesome 1967 tourists was a draw with East Wales, as they beat the full Wales team 13-6 in Cardiff to take the lead in the series between the countries for the first time. That lead was increased with two comfortable wins for the home side in New Zealand in 1969, the first time Wales had toured the country as an independent team.  A ferocious game at the Arms Park in 1972 was edged 19-16 by the All Blacks, a measure of revenge for the defeat inflicted on New Zealand by the Carwyn James-inspired Lions of 1971.  James guided Llanelli to a famous 9-3 win over the tourists at Stradey Park, though, and in the final game of the tour the Barbarians defeated the All Blacks 23-11 in Cardiff in a game regarded by many as the greatest ever played. New Zealand defeated a Wales XV 12-3 at the Arms Park in a non-cap game in 1974, but it was the 1978 game in Cardiff that would reignite the history of controversy between the two countries.  Wales were leading 12-10 with one minute left when Andy Haden flew to the floor from a line-out. Television pictures clearly showed that he dived, but English referee Roger Quittenton was fooled and awarded a penalty, duly converted by Brian McKechnie for a 13-12 win. Since that infamous game, the competition has largely left Wales v New Zealand fixtures as the men in red have slipped from the pinnacle of the world game. A crushing 23-3 win for New Zealand in Cardiff in the Welsh Rugby Union's 1980 centenary game was a sign of things to come. The new professionalism in the southern hemisphere game that had left Europe behind was shown as the All Blacks swatted Wales aside 49-6 in Brisbane in the semi-final of the inaugural World Cup. The Kiwis went on to claim the Cup, and would inflict further misery on Wales on their ill-fated 1988 tour of New Zealand.  A young, talented Wales side left Britain full of confidence as Triple Crown winners, but one of the greatest ever New Zealand teams demolished them 52-3 and 54-9. After also taking some fearful beatings in the provincial games, Wales captain Jonathan Davies returned home calling for urgent change in the national game, but as his views were ignored he - along with a generation of Wales' best players - chose to head north to rugby league.  A 34-9 win in Cardiff followed for New Zealand in 1989, and at the 1995 World Cup Wales' big talk was made to look embarrassing as the All Blacks eased to victory in Johannesburg. A crushing 42-7 Kiwi triumph in Wembley followed in 1997, and as Wales' misery increased they turned to New Zealand for their salvation in the shape of coaches Graham Henry and Steve Hansen. There was a temporary resurgence in the Welsh game, but when an experimental New Zealand side came to Cardiff's new Millennium Stadium in 2002 they left with a 43-17 victory.  A bruising 55-3 defeat followed for Wales in Hamilton in 2003 as Hansen built towards the World Cup, but in Australia it was a remarkable performance against the All Blacks that gave his side renewed hope. Wales were given no chance going into the game, but in the course of the match they rediscovered the value of attacking flair to lead 37-33 early in the second half. New Zealand rallied to a 53-37 win, but the style shown by Wales has been used as an inspiration as they look to a better future. They now face an All Blacks team led by Henry and Hansen, coming to Europe with a weakened squad at the end of a long season. An encouraging display against South Africa has inspired a confident Wales camp to believe they can claim their first win over the men in black for over 50 years. They have a chance, but clearly history is not on their side. 

Holmes back on form in Birmingham  Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes was back to her best as she comfortably won the 1,000m at the Norwich Union Birmingham Indoor Grand Prix.  The 34-year-old, running only her second competitive race of the season, shook off the rust to win in two minutes, 35.39 seconds. But she is still undecided about competing in the European Championships in Madrid from 4-6 March. "I'll probably be entered and make my mind up at the last minute," she said. "My training hasn't gone as well as expected but I've got two weeks to decide. "I need to take my time and make sure I feel good about what I'm doing. "I felt very good here but with the crowd behind you, you feel like you can do anything." American  was the eventual winner of the men's 60m race which almost ended in farce. Three athletes were disqualified for false starting, including Britain's Mark Lewis-Francis, who was the first man guilty of coming out of his blocks too quickly. World 100m champion Kim Collins clinched second spot ahead of world 60m record holder and Scott's training partner Maurice Greene. Jason Gardener's unbeaten run came to an end as he came fifth and he will need to improve if he is to defend his European title in Madrid. "You can't win them all," said Gardener afterwards. "And I was very disappointed as I know I'm capable of doing better." Russian  was back on record-breaking form in the pole vault at the National Indoor Arena.  The Olympic champion set a new world mark of 4.88m to break her own record - which she set just six days ago - and beat Russian rival Svetlana Feofanova. It was Isinbayeva's 11th world record - indoors or out - since July 2003. "I'm so happy and I will do my best to break the 5m barrier soon," the 22-year-old told BBC Sport. Jamaica's  stormed to a personal best of 7.13 seconds to claim the women's 60m sprint. Belgian Kim Gevaert, who will be one of the favourites for next month's European title, took second while American Muna Lee was third. There was disappointment for British pair Jeanette Kwakye and Joice Maduaka who finished seventh and eighth respectively.  Jamaican  stretched her unbeaten record to 25 races as she effortlessly claimed the 200m. The Olympic champion set a new indoor personal best of 22.38 seconds - the fastest time in the world this season.  fought off fellow Briton Tim Abeyie to take the men's 200m in a personal best of 20.88.  continued her outstanding start to the season, beating a strong international field, which included two-time Olympic 100m hurdles bronze medallist Melissa Morrison, to claim the women's 60m hurdles. The 25-year-old Briton clocked 7.98 seconds while pre-European Championships favourite Russian Irina Shevchenko finished down in sixth. Ethiopia's  failed in her bid to smash compatriot Berhane Adere's world 3,000m record but still won the event in emphatic style. The Olympic 5,000m champion was inside record pace but dropped off over the final third, finishing in eight minutes, 33.05 seconds - the fourth fastest time ever recorded for the event. Britain's Jo Pavey bravely decided to go with Defar as she strode away from the field and took second in a season's best 8:41.43. Kenyan  also missed out on the indoor 1500m world record, which Hicham El Guerrouj has held for the last eight years.  Lagat settled for silver behind El Guerrouj in Athens and was almost four seconds short of the Moroccan's world best, clocking 3:35.27 in Birmingham. And  was still struggling to find his form after the death of his fiancee this year. The Olympic 10,000m champion had comfortably led the men's two mile race after his younger brother Tariku had set the pace. But fellow Ethiopian  appeared ominously on Bekele's shoulder with two laps to go before surging past him at the bell to win in 8:14.28. Jamaican  made the most of a blistering start to take the men's 400m title in 45.91 seconds. World indoor champion, Alleyne Francique, faded badly and finished in fourth while American duo Jerry Harris and James Davis took second and third respectively. Swede  showed her class in the long jump as she stole top spot from Jade Johnson with the very last jump of the competition. The Olympic heptathlon gold medallist reached 6.66m to better Johnson's mark of 6.52m - her second personal best inside a week. "I was quite surprised because I didn't think I'd end up with second place," said Johnson, who wore London's 2012 Olympic bid slogan, "Back the Bid", on her shorts. "But I'm pleased and hopefully I'll get a bit better for the Europeans. I really want to win a medal."  won the men's event with a season's best of 7.95m, taking the scalp of world indoor champion Savante Stringfellow of the USA. 

Pietersen gives England a chance  Lunch: England 240 all out (49.5 overs)  His innings of 116 came after the rest of the batsmen had failed dismally to be 68-6 at the mid-innings point. Pietersen, who blasted 10 fours and six sixes off 110 deliveries, added 104 runs for the seventh wicket with Ashley Giles (41). Darren Gough was ruled out with a cold and was replaced by Steve Harmison.  Hall bowls Harmison for a duck.  Hall bowls Ali off his pads.  Ali hits a boundary off Nel as fine leg misfields. And he middles another down to long off.  Hall finally has his revenge by bowling Pietersen.  Hall returns to the fray and is deposited for a straight six by Pietersen. The next ball is steered down to the vacant third man area for four.  Pietersen clobbers Nel between square leg and midwicket for four.  Ali and Pietersen each hit fours before Ntini is deposited high over long on as the Hampshire batsman reaches 99. A scrambled single gives him his third century of the series.  Pietersen drives a Kallis full toss for four and nicks another ball wide of Boucher for a second boundary.  Pietersen drives Ntini wide of mid-off for four. Ntini, starting his third spell, yorks Giles.  In this over, Giles reaches his best score, and Pietersen brings up the 100 partnership with a six off Hall.  Pietersen launches Nel over long-on for another six. Giles then drives him through extra cover for four.  A boundary for each batsman off Hall underlines the quality of this Centurion pitch.  Pietersen drives Nel wide of mid-off for four and Giles then plays him behind square on the leg-side for another four.  Boje finishes off with 1-34.  Pietersen collectes his third one-day fifty with a single as Pollock finishes off with 1-36.  Pietersen slog sweeps Boje for two massive sixes over cow corner.  Giles thumps Pollock over mid-on for four to bring up England's 100 and adds another boundary by slashing over gully.  The batsmen continue to trade in singles.  A few more singles come off Pollock and a respite from the tedium of this partnership comes as drinks are brought on.  Just 17 overs remain and at 89-6, England are merely hoping they can bat out the overs.  Pollock returns to the attack and again England can only trade in singles.  Five dots balls from Boje, then a single for Giles.  England can only take two singles off Ntini.  Boje concedes two runs off the bat and a single wide.  Ntini goes for six runs in his first over of a new spell.  Pietersen garners a solitary single off Boje's fourth over.  With Giles and Pietersen batting together, England have a mountain to climb.  Collingwood is given run out by the third umpire after a misunderstanding with Pietersen.  Collingwood takes three runs off Hall.  Four singles come off Boje's second over.  A cover-drive from Collingwood off Nel brings the batsman four runs.  In Boje's first over, Solanki contrives to top-edge a sweep to short fine leg.  Nel gets through another good over.  A Pietersen single brings up the England team half-century but he will have to perform some more heroics to set a challenging total.  Pietersen pulls a Nel long-hop for four.  Pietersen whips a straight ball from Hall wide of mid-on for four.  Jones top-edges a pull shot off Nel and gives a dolly catch to Kemp at square leg.  Hall bowls a maiden at Pietersen.  Nel allows just a single from his second over.  Hall is able to get through an economical first over.  Nel strikes in his first over as Strauss gets an under-edge trying to attack a short ball with a pull shot.  Strauss plays a smart leg-glance off Pollock for four.  Strauss has his first boundary as he pulls Ntini for four.  After 15 dots balls, Jones square-cuts Pollock for four.  Ntini gets through his second maiden as England's run rate declines to desparate proportions.  Boje misses a golden opportunity to run out Strauss after the non-striker is sold a dummy by Jones.  Strauss is dropped by Kemp at gully.  Just two more singles come off Pollock, with Strauss and Jones playing watchful cricket.  Ntini bowls a maiden at Strauss.  Pollock's second over costs just two.  Jones flicks Ntini high over square leg for four. Vaughan loses his middle and leg stumps as he is beaten for pace by Ntini.  Trescothick plays a flat-footed drive at a Pollock half-volley which goes strsight to gully.  G Smith (capt), N Boje, J Kallis, H Gibbs, A Prince, J Kemp, M Boucher (wkt), S Pollock, M Ntini, A Nel, A Hall.  M Vaughan (capt), M Trescothick, G Jones (wkt), A Strauss, K Pietersen, I Bell, V Solanki, P Collingwood, A Giles, Kabir Ali, S Harmison, A Wharf. 

Parry puts Gerrard 'above money'  Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.  But Parry, speaking exclusively to BBC Sport, also admits Gerrard, who has been constantly linked with Chelsea, will have the final say on his future. He told BBC Five Live: "Steven is above money. He is the future of Liverpool. "It doesn't matter if it's £30m, £40m or £50m, we will not accept offers. But we are also realistic enough to know we can't keep Steven against his will." On the subject of Liverpool's finances, Parry also revealed the club is ready to explore the possibility of a sponsorship deal for its proposed new stadium.  And responding to criticism from BBC Sport pundit and former Liverpool stalwart Alan Hansen, he insisted talks on new investment are ongoing, but added the door has not closed on shareholder and lifelong fan Steve Morgan. Parry joined Liverpool as chief executive in July 1998 from a similar role at the Premier League. There have been several highs and lows during his time in charge at Anfield - and he had a busy summer, overseeing the arrival of new manager Rafael Benitez and managing to hold on to Steven Gerrard.  On the subject of Liverpool's captain and prize asset, Parry revealed Real Madrid  did  ask for an option on the England midfield man during negotiations for striker Fernando Morientes. He said: "They were looking for ways of saying they got more out of the deal for Fernando Morientes, but the response to Real Madrid was the same - Steven is not for sale." But when asked if Gerrard would be a Liverpool player on the first day of next season, Parry said: "I sincerely hope he will be. Steven knows my views. He knows Rafa's views. "We have re-affirmed recently to Steven that we are trying to build a team around him. We crave success as much as he does. We know he's ambitious and nobody can argue with that.  "I think Steven would dearly love to win things with Liverpool more than he'd like to do anything else. "We all want to see progress by next season. He's not alone in that. There are a lot of other players who feel the same, so we all have a common aim." It is expected Chelsea will test Liverpool with a £30m-plus bid in the summer - but Parry claims he will be in no mood to listen. "There have been a lot of open secrets about Steven, most of which have been complete myths. It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer. We didn't had an offer last summer," Parry explained. "We had told Chelsea that as far as we were concerned he was not for sale and we didn't want to sell him. In reality it didn't go beyond that. "Maybe there will be an offer in the summer. Maybe there won't.  "Our position is we want Steven to stay, but we are also realistic enough and have enough respect for Steven - and he has enough respect for us - to know that it is his decision that will be crucial. "You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will. That just doesn't work, but any idea we are going to accept offers for Steven and then tell him 'by the way we've decided to sell you' is not on the agenda. You can forget that." Parry is currently in the process of finalising funding for Liverpool's new stadium in Stanley Park, which is set to open in 2007. And he confessed Arsenal's £100m deal with Emirates to sponsor their new ground - complete with naming rights - has given the Anfield club serious food for thought. He said: "I have to say historically it is something I have been against, and I have been on record as saying that, but I think the size of the Arsenal deal is a real eye-opener.  "I would say in the past deals have been done frankly far too cheaply and it just hasn't even been worth contemplating. "But the Arsenal deal is the sort of deal that causes you to draw breath and say 'wow - that's interesting.' "My personal point of view is that I would find it a hell of a lot more palatable than a shared stadium." Some Liverpool fans would find such a move highly controversial, but Parry countered: "I recognise it would be an emotive issue for many supporters, but you look at the amount of money available and it could go into the team. "If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it? Time will tell. "I think the stadium will always be Anfield, not least because of where it is, but do we need to investigate the possibilities of sponsorship? I think it would be remiss not to. "That's not to say we have made a decision that we will go down that road, but I think it is clearly something we have to explore."  On the subject of possible new investment, Parry revealed Liverpool are still in negotiations with a mystery investor, with rumours of interest from the Middle East. That prompted the withdrawal of tycoon Steve Morgan, who got frustrated by failed bids and what he claimed was indecision by the board. He also accused Liverpool of using him as "a stalking horse" to attract other bids, but Parry explained: "Steve has never been used as a stalking horse. There's no need, and that is not the way we do business. "We had discussions with Steve over the course of 2004. I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didn't happen. "Quite genuinely, the new interest did appear relatively late in the day just prior to the AGM in December, and as I have said it was of such potential magnitude, and that potential is so exciting, we felt we had to evaluate it. We are still evaluating it. "Steve's interest was taken very much on its own merits. His enthusiasm for the club is there for all to see and who knows what the next few months will hold? "The door isn't closed on anything. We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year. "We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful. That's a dream we all share, so as far as I'm concerned the door is not closed."  I would take £50m if we had no investment, but if we did, keep him. As for the stadium, if it gets us cash what difference does it make really?  £50m for Gerrard? I don't care who you are, the Directors would take the money and it is the way it should be. We cannot let that sum of money go, despite Gerrard's quality.  Through a cleverly worded statement, the club has effectively forced Gerrard to publicly make the decision for himself, which I think is the right thing to do.  Critical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard. Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term. I am hoping he doesn't walk out of the club like Michael Owen did for very little cash.  £50m realistically would allow Rafa to completely rebuild the squad, however, if we can afford to do this AND keep Gerrard we will be better for it. I would however be happy with Gerrard's transfer for any fee over £35m.  Parry's statements are clever in that any future Gerrard transfer cannot be construed as a lack of ambition by the club to not try and keep their best players. Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry.  I would keep Gerrard. No amount of money could replace his obvious love of the club and determination to succeed.  The key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy. Clearly, if he isn't, then we would be foolish not to sell. The worrying thing is who would you buy (or who would come) pending possible non-Champions League football. 

Parry firm over Gerrard  Listen to the full interview on Sport on Five and the BBC Sport website from 1900 GMT.  But Parry, speaking exclusively to BBC Sport, also admits Gerrard, who has been constantly linked with Chelsea, will have the final say on his future. He told BBC Five Live: "Steven is above money. He is the future of Liverpool. "It doesn't matter if it's £30m, £40m or £50m, we will not accept offers. But we are also realistic enough to know we can't keep Steven against his will." On the subject of Liverpool's finances, Parry also revealed the club is ready to explore the possibility of a sponsorship deal for its proposed new stadium.  And responding to criticism from BBC Sport pundit and former Liverpool stalwart Alan Hansen, he insisted talks on new investment are ongoing, but added the door has not closed on shareholder and lifelong fan Steve Morgan. Parry joined Liverpool as chief executive in July 1998 from a similar role at the Premier League. There have been several highs and lows during his time in charge at Anfield - and he had a busy summer, overseeing the arrival of new manager Rafael Benitez and managing to hold on to Steven Gerrard.  On the subject of Liverpool's captain and prize asset, Parry revealed Real Madrid  did  ask for an option on the England midfield man during negotiations for striker Fernando Morientes. He said: "They were looking for ways of saying they got more out of the deal for Fernando Morientes, but the response to Real Madrid was the same - Steven is not for sale." But when asked if Gerrard would be a Liverpool player on the first day of next season, Parry said: "I sincerely hope he will be. Steven knows my views. He knows Rafa's views. "We have re-affirmed recently to Steven that we are trying to build a team around him. We crave success as much as he does. We know he's ambitious and nobody can argue with that.  "I think Steven would dearly love to win things with Liverpool more than he'd like to do anything else. "We all want to see progress by next season. He's not alone in that. There are a lot of other players who feel the same, so we all have a common aim." It is expected Chelsea will test Liverpool with a £30m-plus bid in the summer - but Parry claims he will be in no mood to listen. "There have been a lot of open secrets about Steven, most of which have been complete myths. It is suggested we had a deal tied up last summer. We didn't had an offer last summer," Parry explained. "We had told Chelsea that as far as we were concerned he was not for sale and we didn't want to sell him. In reality it didn't go beyond that. "Maybe there will be an offer in the summer. Maybe there won't.  "Our position is we want Steven to stay, but we are also realistic enough and have enough respect for Steven - and he has enough respect for us - to know that it is his decision that will be crucial. "You are not going to keep a player like Steven against his will. That just doesn't work, but any idea we are going to accept offers for Steven and then tell him 'by the way we've decided to sell you' is not on the agenda. You can forget that." Parry is currently in the process of finalising funding for Liverpool's new stadium in Stanley Park, which is set to open in 2007. And he confessed Arsenal's £100m deal with Emirates to sponsor their new ground - complete with naming rights - has given the Anfield club serious food for thought. He said: "I have to say historically it is something I have been against, and I have been on record as saying that, but I think the size of the Arsenal deal is a real eye-opener.  "I would say in the past deals have been done frankly far too cheaply and it just hasn't even been worth contemplating. "But the Arsenal deal is the sort of deal that causes you to draw breath and say 'wow - that's interesting.' "My personal point of view is that I would find it a hell of a lot more palatable than a shared stadium." Some Liverpool fans would find such a move highly controversial, but Parry countered: "I recognise it would be an emotive issue for many supporters, but you look at the amount of money available and it could go into the team. "If it was the right partner how strong an issue is it? Time will tell. "I think the stadium will always be Anfield, not least because of where it is, but do we need to investigate the possibilities of sponsorship? I think it would be remiss not to. "That's not to say we have made a decision that we will go down that road, but I think it is clearly something we have to explore."  On the subject of possible new investment, Parry revealed Liverpool are still in negotiations with a mystery investor, with rumours of interest from the Middle East. That prompted the withdrawal of tycoon Steve Morgan, who got frustrated by failed bids and what he claimed was indecision by the board. He also accused Liverpool of using him as "a stalking horse" to attract other bids, but Parry explained: "Steve has never been used as a stalking horse. There's no need, and that is not the way we do business. "We had discussions with Steve over the course of 2004. I think we came close to concluding a deal in the summer but it didn't happen. "Quite genuinely, the new interest did appear relatively late in the day just prior to the AGM in December, and as I have said it was of such potential magnitude, and that potential is so exciting, we felt we had to evaluate it. We are still evaluating it. "Steve's interest was taken very much on its own merits. His enthusiasm for the club is there for all to see and who knows what the next few months will hold? "The door isn't closed on anything. We had a perfectly sensible dialogue with Steve last year. "We have a common interest in making Liverpool successful. That's a dream we all share, so as far as I'm concerned the door is not closed."  I would take £50m if we had no investment, but if we did, keep him. As for the stadium, if it gets us cash what difference does it make really?  £50m for Gerrard? I don't care who you are, the Directors would take the money and it is the way it should be. We cannot let that sum of money go, despite Gerrard's quality.  Through a cleverly worded statement, the club has effectively forced Gerrard to publicly make the decision for himself, which I think is the right thing to do.  Critical time for Liverpool with regards to Gerrard. Ideally we would want to secure his future to the club for the long term. I am hoping he doesn't walk out of the club like Michael Owen did for very little cash.  £50m realistically would allow Rafa to completely rebuild the squad, however, if we can afford to do this AND keep Gerrard we will be better for it. I would however be happy with Gerrard's transfer for any fee over £35m.  Parry's statements are clever in that any future Gerrard transfer cannot be construed as a lack of ambition by the club to not try and keep their best players. Upping the ante is another smart move by Parry.  I would keep Gerrard. No amount of money could replace his obvious love of the club and determination to succeed.  The key is if Gerrard comes out and says that he is happy. Clearly, if he isn't, then we would be foolish not to sell. The worrying thing is who would you buy (or who would come) pending possible non-Champions League football. 

Nadal puts Spain 2-0 up  Result: Nadal 6-7 (6/8) 6-2 7-6 (8/6) 6-2 Roddick  Spain's Rafael Nadal beats Andy Roddick of the USA in the second singles match rubber of the 2004 Davis Cup final in Seville. Spain lead 1-0 after Carlos Moya beat Mardy Fish in straight sets in the opening match of the tie.  Nadal holds his nerve and the crowd goes wild as Spain go 2-0 up in the tie.  Roddick holds serve to force Nadal to serve for the match but the American surely cannot turn things around now.  Nadal works Roddick around the court on two consecutive points to earn two break points. One is enough, the Spaniard secures the double-break and Roddick is now teetering on the edge.  Roddick is trying to gee himself up but the clay surface is taking its toll on his game and he is looking tired. Nadal wins the game to love.  Nadal steps up the pressure to break and Spain have the early initiative in the fourth set.  Nadal also holds convincingly as both players feel their way into the fourth set.  Roddick shrugs off the disappointment of losing the third-set tiebreak and breezes through his first service game of the fourth set.  Nadal earns the first mini-break in the tiebreak as the match enters its fourth hour. A couple of stunning points follow, one where Nadal chases down a Roddick shot and turns into a passing winner. Then Roddick produces some amazing defence at the net to take the score to 4-4. Roddick has two serves for the set but double-faults to take the score to 5-5. Nadal saves a Roddick set point then earns his own with a drive volley - and a crosscourt passing winner sends the crowd wild.  Nadal tries to up his aggression and he passes Roddick down the line to go 15-40 and two set points up. Roddick saves the first with a desperate lunge volley and smacks a volley winner across the court to take the score back to deuce before securing the game. The set will go to another tiebreak.  Nadal enjoys another straightforward hold and Roddick must once again serve to stay in the set.  Roddick again holds on, despite some brilliant shot-making from his opponent.  Nadal races through his service game to put the pressure straight back onto Roddick.  Roddick hangs in on his serve to level matters but Nadal is making him fight for every point.  Nadal could be suffering a disappointment hangover from the previous game as he goes 0-30 down and then has to save a break point after a tremendous rally in which he is forced into some brilliant defence. But it pays off and the Spaniard edges ahead in the set.  Roddick's serve is not firing as ferociously as usual and has to rely on his sheer competitive determination to stay in the set. Three times, Nadal forces a break point and three times the world number two hangs in. And Roddick's grit pays off as he manages to hold.  Roddick still looks a bit sluggish but he attacks the net and is rewarded with a break point, which Nadal saves with a good first serve and the Spaniard goes on to hold.  There is a disruption in play as Roddick is upset about something in the crowd. The Spanish captain gets involved as does the match referee but it is unclear what the problem is. One thing for certain is that the crowd are roused into support of Nadal and they go wild when Roddick loses the next point and goes break point down. Roddick saves the break point and then bangs down his ninth ace before clinching the game with a service winner.  The game passes the two-hour mark as Nadal holds serve to edge ahead in the third set.  Now Roddick has to defend a break point and he produces a characteristic ace to save it. It is immediately followed by another and he holds with a little dinked half-volley winner.  Roddick is looking a little leaden-footed but does carve out a break point for himself. But he plays it poorly and Nadal avoids the danger.  Roddick has gone off the boil and again struggles. He fails to get down properly for a low forehand volley and gives Nadal three break points. The American blasts an ace to save one but follows up with a double fault and the rubber is level.  Nadal edges towards taking the second set with a comfortable hold.  Two good serves put Roddick 30-0 up but he then makes a couple of errors to find himself 30-40 down. He saves the break point with an ace and then manages to hold.  Roddick's level has dropped while Nadal is on a hot streak. The Spaniard includes a superb crosscourt winner off the back foot as he races through his service game without dropping a point.  Roddick double-faults twice and Nadal takes full advantage of the break point offered, powering a passing winner past Roddick.  Nadal wins another tight game. Neither player has dipped from the high standard of play in the first set.  Nadal puts the American under pressure and Roddick saves a break point with a superb stop volley before going on to hold.  Nadal puts the disappointment of losing the first-set tiebreak to claim the opening game in the second.  Roddick double-faults to concede the first mini-break and then Nadal loops a crosscourt winner to seize advantage in the tiebreak. He lets one slip but wins his next serve to earn three set points. But Roddick saves them and then earns one himself. Nadal comes up with a down-the-line winner but then nets tamely on Roddick's next set point.  Nadal's nerve is tested as he tries to force a tiebreak. Both players come up with some scintillating tennis and the Spaniard has several chances to clinch the game before finally doing so when Roddick drives wide.  A pulsating game sees Nadal racing round the court retrieving and refusing to give Roddick any easy points. The point of the match so far involves Roddick's slam-dunk smash being returned by Nadal before Roddick finally manages to end the rally. On the very next point, Nadal blasts a forehand service return from right of court that passes Roddick and even the American is forced to applaud. But Roddick comes up with two big serves to polish off the game.  Nadal outplays Roddick to reach 40-0 but the American fights back to 40-30 before Nadal's powerful crosscourt forehand winner secures the game.  The crowd are getting very involved, cheering between Roddick's first and second serves. But the American comes through to hold and edge ahead in the set.  Nadal manages to hold again despite Roddick piling the pressure on his serve. The Spaniard wins the game courtesy of another lucky net cord.  Roddick double faults buts manages to keep his composure. A well-placed serve is unreturnable and Roddick holds.  A powerful ace down the middle gives Nadal a simple love service game - the first time he has held serve so far in the match. If Roddick didn't know before, he knows now that he is in a real contest.  Another superb game as Nadal breaks to once again lift the roof. He produces some fine groundstrokes to leave Roddick chasing shadows. Four of the first five games have seen a break of serve.  Despite the disappointment of losing his serve, Roddick is not phased and storms into a 40-15 lead when the umpire leaves his seat to confirm a close line-call. Nadal takes the next point but Roddick breaks again with a sharp volley at the net.  Roddick's advantage is short lived as Nadal breaks back immediately. A fortunate net cord helps the Spaniard on his way and when Roddick fires a forehand cross court shot wide to lose his serve, Nadal pumps his fist in celebration.  The American is pumped up for this clash and takes on Nadal's serve from the start. Nadal's drop shot is agonisingly called out and Roddick claims the vital first break.  After Moya's win in the opening rubber, a raucous Seville crowd is buoyed by Nadal's impressive start which sees him race into a 30-0 lead. However Roddick fights back to hold his serve. 

England left in tatters in Durban  Tea, day one: England: 125-8  Graham Thorpe was trapped lbw, Andrew Flintoff looped a catch to square-leg, Michael Vaughan fell plumb lbw and Geraint Jones hooked into the deep. Marcus Trescothick was the first to go after England lost the toss, caught behind off Makhaya Ntini (3-41). Mark Butcher then played on and Andrew Strauss was caught at mid-off for 25.  Pollock is given the task of capturing the final two England wickets.  England 125-8  An authentic boundary next ball, lashed over cover for four more.  Next ball Jones tries to duck a bouncer and the ball barely gets above stump height, glancing the top of his head and bringing four leg byes.  Jones stands up to Steyn and pushes through the gap at mid-off for two.  Boje tosses one up from over the wicket and Jones has a dart at it, not finding the middle of the bat but smearing through a vacant mid-on for a single.  After the pace barrage, Boje returns and Hoggard finds a single to leave new man Simon Jones on strike.  The Giles vigil ends in disappointing fashion as, severely hampered, he hooks at Steyn and the man at deep square-leg does not have to move.  Favouring the back foot as Steyn continues to steam in, Hoggard is glad to see one of fullish length that he can push out for a single.  After a single is scrambled, Hoggard moves into the firing line and just manages to avoid a rapidly rising bouncer.  Another part of unprotected Giles anatomy is battered at 85mph, Steyn's skidding short one catching him in the armpit.  Hoggard jabs down at the final moment to keep out a yorker from Kallis that was destined for the timbers.  An appeal begun only by the keeper for caught behind against Giles down the legside increases a little in volume, but Darrel Hair is not impressed.  Hoggard does not know too much about a full and fast delivery, which he inside edges to fine-leg for a single.  : Giles hooks uncomfortably again with one hand off the bat, but the single gives him temporary reprieve from the hostile Steyn.  The return of Kallis is warmly greeted by Giles, who clips a loosener neatly off his pads for four.  Matthew Hoggard is the latest casualty, another short one from the aggressive Steyn thwacking into his arm guard.  The next ball is also short and Giles plays an unconvincing hook, with one hand coming off the bat, but some contact is made and Giles is grateful to stutter through for a single.  Giles is thumped again by another short one.  Giles ducks into a brutal low bouncer from Steyn, the ball crashes into his elbow and loops over the slip for four leg byes.  Steyn returns for Pollock as South Africa look to wrap up the innings.  The hook proves to be the undoing of Jones, who picks out Rudolph in the deep off Ntini.  Jones edges low through a gap where fourth slip would have been, bringing four urgently needed runs for England.  Another hook goes high into the space in front of square, but determined fielding from Rudolph restricts Jones to two.  Persisting with the hook shot, Jones is fully in control but can only get a single to deep square-leg off Pollock.  Jones hooks uppishly at Ntini and is within 10 yards of carrying to the fielder on the fine-leg boundary.  Aiming an expansive drive into the off-side he gets an inside edge and escapes with a single.  Jones pummels a cut shot off Pollock into the boards for his second four.  Vaughan is rapped on the pads bang in front by a skidding delivery from Ntini and umpire Taufel confirms his worst fears.  Pollock unsettles Vaughan with a bouncer that follows him and catches the glove.  A controlled thick edge from Jones finds the gap between third slip and gully and races for four.  Ntini returns, his first delivery down the legside and easily turned for a single by Vaughan.  Geraint Jones picks up a short one from Pollock and the ball soars over the ropes for the maximum to open the wicketkeeper's account in emphatic fashion.  Vaughan rocks back to guide a forcing shot for a much needed boundary off Boje.  Flintoff is beaten for pace by Pollock and his hook shot loops up tamely off the splice to square leg to leave his team in turmoil.  Vaughan appears to lose sight of a short one from Pollock, and having planned to leave it fends it awkwardly with the glove, before scrambling through for a risky single.  Vaughan is able to pinch a single as his gentle push on the off side defeats the fielder on the bounce.  Thorpe is trapped plumb in front by the metronomic Pollock.  Boje resumes after the interval, Vaughan crashes one into Jacques Rudolph at silly point but slices the next ball through gully for four.  England 58-3  Vaughan and Thorpe get through safely to lunch but know that much more will be required this afternoon.  Vaughan, badly needing to play a major innings, strikes a fluent boundary off Boje.  Kallis switches ends and produces a maiden as England look towards the safety of the luncheon interval.  New man Graham Thorpe clips a single from the final ball of the over.  The single proves effective as key man Strauss takes the strike and lofts a catch to extra cover, where Ntini swoops low to cap a fine morning for the home side.  Boje finds some early spin with his third delivery and catches the edge of Vaughan's bat as the England captain pushes forward, but De Villiers spills the chance and the ball falls to safety.  Kallis is replaced after two overs and the spin of Nicky Boje is tried 13 minutes before lunch.  There is nothing to stop a Strauss cut shot which brings up the England 50 in the 24th over.  Strauss is denied a certain boundary when his pull shot strikes square-leg umpire Simon Taufel.  Kallis escapes with a maiden as a sumptuous looking drive from Vaughan goes straight to the ubiquitous Amla in the covers.  Strauss strokes the next ball gloriously down the ground for his fourth boundary.  Vaughan pirouettes to pull Steyn stylishly but only for a single as the distinctive figure of Amla fields on the square-leg fence.  Strauss eases the pressure a little by bisecting the field with a trademark drive to the boundary, as Kallis struggles to find his rhythm early on.  Jacques Kallis is introduced, having been unable to bowl in the first Test or in India, his first delivery is easily clipped into the legside for Vaughan's first run.  More conviction in this pull shot from Strauss, and Steyn is dispatched to the boundary.  Just a single from the over, a hook from Strauss, who moves to nine.  Michael Vaughan is given a bouncer first up and survives an optimistic shout for lbw.  An inside edge onto the stumps off Steyn ends Butcher's innings in disappointing fashion again.  A nicely timed cover drive brings Butcher three runs, with the intrepid Amla cutting the ball off a yard inside the ropes.  Ntini replaces Pollock, who is left to fume in the outfield, his face a light shade of crimson.  Steyn completes his second maiden, restricting Butcher with an accurate off-stump line.  Pollock hurls the ball back at Strauss and throws in a few choice words for good measure.  The extra bounce of Durban provides some uncertainty for Strauss, an attempted cut and hook bouncing too high for him.  Dale Steyn is brought into the attack and Herschelle Gibbs provides him with a maiden with an agile diving stop in the gully.  Butcher has to scamper through as he attempts a quick single to Amla, who is quicker than perhaps the left-hander gives him credit for, luckily for him the throw is a fraction high.  An elegant drive on the tips of his toes from Strauss through mid-off gives him his first boundary.  Mark Butcher nudges Ntini into the legside to open his account.  Pollock maintains the South Africa stranglehold with another over offering no easy runs.  A stunning one-handed catch by De Villiers off an inside edge ends Trescothick's bright innings.  Strauss gets down to Ntini's end and is happy to receive a ball on the pads which he clips neatly away through square-leg for three.  Trescothick slashes a wide one from Ntini not quite out of the middle, but there is enough on it to clear Nicky Boje in the gully and race for four.  Strauss looks for a single after driving to the right of Hashim Amla, but the fielder gets across well and ensures another maiden.  The wild Ntini produces a maiden, the final ball of the over keeping low and bouncing in front of wicketkeeper AB de Villiers.  Strauss, keen to get off the mark, attempts a drive at Pollock outside off-stump but misses and it is another maiden.  Ntini asks the question of Darrell Hair but Trescothick is a long way forward, he clips the next ball off his pads for two more.  Another probing maiden from Pollock, with Strauss content to remain on nought and leave them outside his off-stump.  Trescothick thumps the final ball of Ntini's over through the covers into the boundary boards.  Pollock maintains a tidy line outside off-stump to Strauss, who is yet to get off the mark.  Trescothick picks the gap at mid-off, punching Ntini for the day's first boundary.  Ntini, bowling over the wicket, angles a short ball across Trescothick, who does not take the bait.  Pollock overpitches as Trescothick gets the scoring under way for England with an off-drive for three runs.  Graeme Smith (captain), Herschelle Gibbs, Jacques Rudolph, Jacques Kallis, Martin van Jaarsveld, Hashim Amla, AB de Villiers, Shaun Pollock, Nicky Boje, Makhaya Ntini, Dale Steyn.  Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Mark Butcher, Michael Vaughan (captain), Graham Thorpe, Andrew Flintoff, Geraint Jones, Ashley Giles, Matthew Hoggard, Simon Jones, Stephen Harmison. Umpires: D Hair, S Taufel (Aus).